Accolite visited our campus for recruiting Full time employees as well as interns. The process started with pre-placement talks and then we had to undergo a 5-round process.
Round 1: Online (30 min)
The first round was conducted online,which consisted of MCQ’s covering C, C++, OS, DBMS. We had to answer 20 questions, and yes there was a negative marking (-0.25) for each wrong answer.
Around 650 people took the online test and 75 people were selected for the next round.
Round 2: Paper Coding (1 hr)
We were asked to code the following questions on paper:
1. https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/print-shortest-path-print-string-screen/
2. https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-zeroes-to-be-flipped-so-that-number-of-consecutive-1s-is-maximized/
3. https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/serialize-deserialize-binary-tree/
Out of the 75 people who took this test 20 were shortlisted.
We then had 3 technical interviews on the next day.
Round 3: F2F interview (2 hrs)
I was the first person to be shortlisted and so I was interviewed by the Senior Technical Director of the company. She asked me about my favorite data structure to which I replied Trees. So she asked me to do a zig-zag level order traversal of a binary tree.
Round 4: F2F interview(1.30 hrs)
The interview asked me to code the following questions:
Round 5: F2F interview(1.30 hrs)
The interviewer gave me two scenarios and asked me to write an algorithm for both.
Scenario 1:
I had to reach Paris from Chennai by flight. He wanted me to find the best possible way to reach Paris. I told him that I would use Djikstra’s algorithm based on distance, one solution based on time and one solution based on both distance and time(using weighted averages). He then asked me to minimize the number of points to be considered at each intermediate vertex. I told him to use the latitude and longitude to find the direction of the destination and consider points accordingly. He then asked me to draw a line between the source and destination and asked me to consider only points which were inside an inclination of 30 degrees of the line drawn. I gave him a solution and he was satisfied.
Scenario 2:
He asked me to assume there were 100 airports in my city and he asked me to suggest an algorithm for choosing the airport given the destination and the timings of each flight at each airport. He then asked me to incorporate the significance of “traffic” while I travel from my current location to the airport and asked me to design accordingly. He asked me if I had any questions for him, to which I posed a lot of questions regarding the company’s structure, clients and any pre-requisites to be learnt before I could join the company.
The results were anounced later in the evening and I got selected!!!
