Recently I got the oppportunity to be interviewed for the position of MTS-1 at Adobe. Here is my Interview Experience:
Written Round:
Part A (50 mins):
45 questions based on logical reasoning, DI, quant and geometry. The questions were easy but the real issue was time in this round.
Part B(2 hrs):
13 MCQs on C,C++ basics (referencing and dereferencing of string pointers ,size of union etc.), OS basics
7 coding qustions. Some of which I remember are :
a)Reverse a linked list.
b)Check if a number is a Palindrome or not.
c)Multiply two numbers without using * operator and using minimum number of additions.
d)Balancing of parenthesis.
e)Find the row with maximum ones in a 2D array where in each row all 1s occur before all 0s
f)Check if a given sum is availabe in an array.
F2F Round 1:
a) I was asked to allocate a 2D array dynamically. I did that. I was then asked to free the allocated memory.
b)Implement an averaging filter assuming a fixed window size on an image. Entire code was required.( We can ignore the border cases). I first did it using a brute force approach. The interviewer then asked me to optimise it. I did it using extra space to store the sum of elements in a fixed window size so that we do not have to compute it for each pixel of the image
c) He told me that for a very large image (2D matrix) the row major traversal is better than coloumn major traversal. Why?
 Entire array cannot fit into main memory at same time. Rows are contigously allocated. Therefore benifits from locality of reference.
d)Questions on virtual memory and paging.
e)Which data structure should we use to represent polynomials and why?
F2F Round 2:
a)Implement queues using linked list. Entire working code with all corner cases was required.
The interviewer was impressed as I had handled all the test cases properly.
b)Most optimal code to calculate the number of set bits in an integer. (i.e. O(no of set bits))
c)Difference between process and threads, multiprogramming and multithreading, multithreading and multitasking.
c)Consider there are 9 balls. One ball is defective (might be heavy or light). Find the defective ball in maximum 3 weighings.
I went into the wrong direction as I thought that I had done this before. But he gave me one or two hints and based on that I was able to come to correct answer.
F2F Round 3:
a)There are 2 people A and B. Both A and B have equal speed of walking. Both A and B have equal speed of running. Now assume that A runs for half the time and walks for half the time. While, B runs for half the distance and walks for half the distance. Can we tell conclusively who will win in a race?
b)There are two arrays. One contains n digits and the other n-1 digits. How to find the missing digit in the second array?
I asked the interviewer if I can assume that the elements are unique. He said yes. Then I solved it using XOR method. He asked what if the nos are negative or fration. I said that as two negative numbers or 2 decimal numbers will be stored in the same way in memory therefore XOR will work for that cases as well.
c)Find square root of ‘N’ without using square root function.
d)Find whether the number ‘n’ is a palindrome or not. He wanted the best optimal solution with all special cases.
Finally after a lot of hints I was able to bring it down to O(1) space complexity and O(log(n/2)) time complexity. He was pretty satisfied !
Fourth Round : HR Round (30 Minutes)
It was an amazing experience as the interviewers were very friendly and made me feel at ease. I would like to thank GeeksForGeeks team for creating such a wonderful portal which helped me a lot in my interview preparations.

