The complete process for Adobe – Member of Technical Staff consisted of 6 rounds.
1. Online Round
2. Round 1 (Tech Round)
3. Round 2 (Tech Round)
4. Round 3 (Tech Round)
5. Round 4 (HR round)
6. Round 5 (Rapid Fire Round)
Online Round (50 + 90 mins)
2 Separate online rounds were hosted on Hackerrank .
Online Aptitude Round
Online Aptitude Round consisted of 45 questions.
Online Coding Round
Online Coding Round consisted of 3 questions.
1. You have to classify a string as “GOOD”, “BAD” or “MIXED”. A string is composed of lowercase alphabets and ‘?’. A ‘?’ is to be replaced by any of the lowercase alphabets. Now you have to classify the string on the basis of some rules. If there are more than 3 consonants together, the string is considered to be “BAD”. If there are more than 5 vowels together, the also string is considered to be “BAD”. A string is “GOOD” if its not “BAD”. Now when question marks are involved, they can be replaced with consonants or vowels to make new strings. If all the choices lead to “GOOD” strings then the input is considered as “GOOD”, and if all the choices lead to “BAD” strings then the input is “BAD”, else the string is “MIXED”.
2. We are given a count of songs to be played – n, highest volume allowed – h, initial volume – i, and list of allowed volume change A[] of size n. The singer can either increase/decrease the volume of sound system for the next song by the allowed volume change A[j] for jth song from the volume of the j-1th song. The aim is to maximize the volume of last sound. Find the maximum volume that can be attained, or return -1 if there is no possibility of changing volume due to the given constrains. (Volume cannot be in negative.)
3. We are given an array with n elements from {1,2,3,4}. Find the number of minimum changes required to be performed so that no two adjacent numbers are same.
Around 15 students were shortlisted for the PI
Round 1 (40mins)
The interview started of with questions about The online test, general questions on “tell me about yourself”
Then he asked me a relative velocity problem from physics section to warm things up.
It was Followed by discussion on topics taught in college, Questions on OS and DBMS.
Followed by coding Problems. 
Round 2 (40mins)
The interviewer asked about my project – the idea of the project, the challenges I faced etc. She also asked some OS concepts like CPU scheduling, multi-queue scheduling, mutex, deadlocks.
Coding Problems:

She then Asked me Various Mutex related puzzles like “IF you have adobe acrobat and you want to allow only 1 instance of it to run at a time, how will you achieve this wrt to OS involved.”
i answered that we can do it using mutex and discuss various problems related to mutex.
She then asked me “Can we make sure that dynamic Allocation of a class object can be done on stack only or can we stop user from dynamically allocating the class object.”
I answered that we can do it by overloading the new operator and declaring it as private.
She was very satisfied with the answers. 
Round 3 (90mins)
In third interview round, interviewer deep dived in my projects. She asked me about types of Machine learning algorithms. Asked me to explain supervised and unsupervised algorithms. She asked what is my favorite Subject and also dicussed all of the projects i have mentioned in my resume.
It was followed by system design Problems On some Android App and Web App, how will you make it, technologies and data structures to be used.
She then asked me about various cache, advantages and implementations. Then I was asked about LRU cache and it was a very long discussion on the implementation part, Data structures part. I was asked to code LRU, Hash map and double linked list.
The interview was very long and Interviewer was very frank. At the end some general questions about Why Adobe? etc and we talked about the culture and oppurtunites one can get at adobe.
Round 4 (20mins) HR ROUND
Questions like why do you want to join Adobe were asked.
“Will you take bribe for a million dollar project”
“What if you were the MD of Adobe for one day”
Basic HR questions and discussion about college life and etc. 
Round 5(25 min) Rapid Fire Round
Surprisingly, 4 candidates for shortlisted for HR round and only I was called for the rapid fire round.
He asked me quick coding questions and function implementations. The questions were very easy and he wanted to have user oriented result so that user can call the functions according to his need.
Followed by simple OS theory questions.
He then asked me ” Explain In Detail what OS does when you compile a program with a line ‘fopen(….)'”
I answered it and explained in detail about user and kernal mode the OS operates and detail working.
Unfortunately, out of 4, 3 were selected and i was rejected .
Tip: Make sure To get OS concepts clear and maintain a good Aggregate in college.   


