
About Company:
Adobe is an American multinational computer software company. The company is headquartered in San Jose, California, United States. Adobe has historically focused upon the creation of multimedia and creativity software products, with a more recent foray towards rich Internet application software development. It is best known for Photoshop, an image editing software, Acrobat Reader, the Portable Document Format (PDF), and Adobe Creative Suite, as well as its successor, Adobe Creative Cloud.
Adobe was rated the 5th best U.S. company to work for in 2003, 6th in 2004, 31st in 2007, 40th in 2008, 11th in 2009, 42nd in 2010, 65th in 2011, 41st in 2012, and 83rd in 2013. In October 2008, Adobe Systems Canada Inc. was named one of “Canada’s Top 100 Employers” by Mediacorp Canada Inc., and was featured in Maclean’s newsmagazine.
Know more about Adobe >>

Recruitment Process:
Adobe conducts 5-6 rounds to select freshers as MTS (Member of techincal staff, equivalent to SDE) in their organization. The following rounds are conducted:
Online Round:
The online round is hosted on Hackerrank and the candidates are presented with 2-3 coding questions + General Aptitude + Output related problems. The coding problems are generally from Arrays and Strings. The whole round is around 60-75 minutes long.
Selected candidates sit for further personal interviews.
Technical Round 1:
Technical rounds are face-to-face rounds in which candidates are presented with a mix of questions from DS/Algo, OS and memory management related topics. A strong understanding of theoretical concepts as well as implementation is needed to clear this round.
Technical Round 2:
More algorithmic problems, including recursion, graphs and DP questions, along with puzzles are asked. Project related questions are also sometimes asked in this round, and the technologies associated with it. One should know the everything about his project as the questions can dive deep into technological aspects.
Technical Round 3:
This round generally consists of System design problems, conceptual and implementation questions from OS and DBMS. Algorithmic and coding questions of medium-hard difficulty are also asked, including conceptual questions from c/c++.
HR Round:
You can expect HR questions like :
1. Why Adobe?
2. Tell about yourself.
3. Your shortcomings and strengths.
4. Details about the technical stuff done in college.
Questions asked in Adobe:
More>>

Interview Experiences:
Read all Adobe Interview experiences
Where to apply?
Adobe Careers
