ADP India visited our camps for member technical profile.There were 4 rounds in total and each of them was elimination round.
Round 1:
Written round -80 min
All the questions were objective and test was divided into three sections-
Aptitude – 15 questions – 15 min – 1 mark each
Logical Ability test – 25 questions – 25 min – one mark each
technical(basic data structure,DBMS and C output questions)- 20 questions – 40 min – 2 marks each.
After the first round they have shortlisted 15 students for the next round.
Round 2:(HR-30 min)
First round was HR
Basic questions-
1-How was the presentation?
2-What do you like about ADP?
3-Why ADP?
4-Family background?
5-Project discussion
6-SQL joins
7-Academic discussion
8- which location would you prefer?
After that, he told me to wait for next round.
Round 3:(Technical- 45 min)
Started with the project discussion around 20 min.one of my project was on machine learning so he asked to explain the algorithm also.
1-What is polymorphism (both run time and compile time)?
2-He asked to write a code for adding two numbers represented by linked list?
3-difference between 
After that, he said if I have any questions and I asked two questions.
After 30 min, i was called for next round.
Round 4:(Managerial-1 hr)
It was a technical round with senior director.
He started with my project and asked to explain both the projects thoroughly.
1-Explain Binary search.
2-write function to search and element in sorted right rotated array.
3- questions on semaphore and mutex?Some real-life example where you use semaphore.
4-Why have you applied for ADP?
5-what are your expectations from the company?
6-what are your favorite subjects and why?
Also discussed one of my current project.
After that he asked If I have any questions.
then after 3 hrs result was declared and 5 students were selected.
Tips-
Concentrate on the company presentation as they asked about the company also.Few questions on DBMS and SQL queries was also asked from some of my friends.
