Recently, I have been through the interview experience of Amazon India and I would like to share my experience with everyone.
Position: SDE- 1
No. of Interviews: 1 Written + 4 PI (3 F2F and 1 telephonic)
Before telling you the questions and interview procedure, I would like to offer some suggestions. There are always instances when your interview is not off with a great start. You need not panic and keep your calm. Secondly, to compensate all the shortcomings in the technical part, interact with the interviewer as much as you can. Show him that you are really interested in the company. They are looking for future managers not just coders, so you have to have people skills.
Okay, so here we go:
Day 1:
Round 1 : (Written on Interview Street)
20 MCQ questions consisting of Data Structure, Algorithms, Operating Systems, Probability, Combinatorics and Quatitative Analysis.
Suggestion: Always code your solution on the editor provided on the website. It takes screenshots of the page so if you copy a large chunk of data even from your notepad that’s considered as cheating.
Coding Problems :
1. A string consists of parentheses and letters. Write a program to validate all the parentheses. Ignore the letters.
eg. ((alf)ls) – valid
)(dkk)() – invalid
2. You are involved in a betting game whose rules are as follows :
a) if you win a round, the bet amount will be added to your sum and next bet amount will be $1;
b) if you lose a round, the bet amount will be reduced from your total sum and next bet will be twice the previous.
c) game ends when all the rounds are complete or you dont have sufficient sum.
Initially, you are given with a string of the form “WLWWL” where W indicates a win and L indicates a loss and initial sum. Initial bet amount will be $1.
Function prototypes and main was given for both questions.
Round 2 : (Face to Face)
The interview started off with a light discussion about myself, achievements. Then he asked me about my project and the difficulties faced. Then we moved on to coding problems.
Q1: You are given an array in which you’ve to find a contiguous subarray such that the sum of elements in it is equal to zero. (I coded using hashtable in java)
Q2: Given a binary tree. Find out if it is a binary search tree or not.
Round 3: (Face to Face)
Q1: You are given a generic tree. Design a structure for it. Now for every node of the tree make the leftmost child of the node as a duplicate of the node itself and return the root of the tree.
Q2: He: Tell me the time complexity of 8-queen problem.
      Me: (I did not exactly remember the complexity so I coded)
Round 4: (Face to Face)
He asked me variety of theory questions, I was stumped as I did not know many things. He asked me about ACID properties, oops concepts, SQL etc. out of which I could answer only a few.
Then we switched over to coding.
Q1: He: You are given various time intervals and you have to merge the overlapping ones.
      Me: I had already coded it in the Code Ninja questions on the amazon’s website, so he just asked me the approach to the question.
Q2: You are given a binary tree. Tell me if it is height balanced or not.
Round 5: (Telephonic)
The interview started with if I had any questions, and then proceeded with the projects I’ve done.
Q1: You are given a file with many words. You are given a word as an input and you have to find every anagram of that word in the file.
Q2: Given two words, tell if they are anagrams or not. Extend your solution for unicode as well.
Finally after a long wait of almost 8 hours the result came and I was hired!! 🙂 🙂
I would like to thank geeksforgeeks for all the pain they take in compiling every article so that people may understand every concept clearly. 

