Screening round:
Three coding question on hackerEarth to be comiled against the testcases
1. Merge two sorted linked list into single one 
2. https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-sums-of-odd-and-even-levels/
3. https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-first-non-repeating-character-stream-characters/
Round -1
1. Asked me again the logic for finding first non repeating char from a stream of character.
Then the discussion went how hash map internally works and what is the principle behind it .
How the hash conflict get resolved and write code for the same.
2. Find three triplet with a given sum in an array.
3. Find an element in an row and column wise sorted matrix.
Round-2
1. Find the majority element in an array.
2. Print out all the numbers in sorted order from row and column wise sorted matrix
3. How to find a given key in a sorted stream of array(less than 0(n) complexity required)
4. One more ques dont remember

Round-3 (HM round)
Lots of situational question being asked.(conflict with ur manager, ur say , leadership quality in you, ownership of project , problem solving capabiltiy)
Lots of question on your owned projects.(Impact of this on your product and time to implement it)
two tech ques:
1. https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/stock-buy-sell/
2. write code to find whether the tree is BST or not.

Round-4
1. In an array find three number which fits into pythagoras theorem(a^2+b^2=c^2).Find a,b,c
2. Find the number of island in a matrix of 0,1. The island which starts from edge of the matrix will not be considered island
eg: no of island are 0 here
0100
0100
0000
0000
Round-5
Lots of in depth question about your project and its impact on the product.
Was asked to draw the architect diagram of the algorithm used in my project and explain with example.
one tech ques : For a given string and given dictionary. Find all the anagrams of the string which are also present in the dictionary.ie  the string shud be a valid dictionary word.
NOTE : I WAS REQUIRED TO CODE EACH AND EVERY QUESTION WITH PROPER SYNTAX AND EDGE TEST CASES on piece of paper after discussing the algorithm.


