20 MCQs mixed with simple Quants, logical, other Technical CS concepts (TOC, DS, DBMS, NETWORKS)
2 Programming questions (I solved both)
Use max (previous element’s exclusive + arr[i]) idea. See Geeks For Geeks or Tushar Roy video if needed.
(Did it in 
o(n) for each query, by normal for loop traversal 
 o(log(n)) for each query, by sorting and using Binary Search we can pass TLE (Time Limit Error) then finally, I solved it using Hashing and then do like counting sort algorithm so
o(1) for each query (Because question had maximum space complexity as 256MB so it won’t be a problem) MOST OPTIMAL ONE.
FACE TO FACE INTERVIEWS:
4 Totally = 3 technical, 1 technical + Bar raiser rounds
First Round: (1 hr.)
Second Round: (40 min)
Third Round: (1:20 hrs.) 
(PROBLEM SOLVING + kind of like STRESS INTERVIEW)
(Question was same as this, I asked many clarifications (received stress then answers) and tried Graphs, Sorting players based on Ranking he said it’s not required, demanded efficient one then I solved using Tournament Trees (2n is the clue to use tournament tree) He was very satisfied.
 COMMENT about your codes nearby too for better understanding.
Rapid Fire Round: 
(these were challenging as he expected to answer faster!)
Final Round (1hr) test BASIC CS concepts more 
(I solved and coded it using recursion and backtracking) 
Matrix can be N x N Pattern Box.
2 sub-problems: 
1. Check if given pattern is possible or not (Use ANGLE 90 or 180)
2. Print all possible patterns you can make with given length and starting point
Edges cases should be covered properly!
(Explained ACID properties using BookMyShow app exactly)
I explained everything I knew, finally I explained Android Phone Kernel too. He was very impressed and was like stopping further simple questions.
U have a dictionary of words (Not necessarily in order given in our English dictionary) 
How will u search for word (Used topological sort and explained why and how it works he was convinced)
It was all done in one day. I thank Geeks for Geeks so much for helping me for my placement preparations. It was and is very helpful!!
f you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article using contribute.geeksforgeeks.org or mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.
