Online Round:
It consists of 20 MCQs and two coding questions and MCQs got the negative marking . One for the correct answer and -0.25 for each wrong answer.
1.Given a string. Find all the palindromic partitions of the string. (Number of way the string can be partitioned so that all the partitions are palindrome) ( Case–Insensitive )
Examples:
2. You are given with a large paragraph and N words.You have to find a min length subparagraph of the paragraph which contain all those N words in any order.(Case Insensitive)
Only 32 students got selected for Personal Interviews Rounds.
Round 2(Technical Interview I):
First the Interviewer introduced himself and then asked me to introduce yourself.
He asked me 3 questions related to Data Structures and Alorithms.
Question 1: Given a n-ary tree print all the possible paths of the tree.
Firstly I gave him the approach using queues.  Then he asked me to optimize the code for space complexity of O(1). Then I gave him the approach using recursion and a long in depth discussion followed on it. Then he asked me to write the code.
Question 2: Given the no. of stairs as the input and a person can step forward either 1 or 2 or 3 steps at a time. Find the total no of possible ways person can climb the stairs.
Input : 3
Output: 4
Question 3: Given a 1-D array having equal no even and odd numbers. Arrange the numbers in such a way that all the even no get the even index and odd no get the odd index. Required space complexity and time complexity was O(1).
Only six students were selected for the next round.
Round 3(Technical Interview II):
This round was similar to the previous rounds. Firstly the Interviewer introduced himself and then asked me to introduce yourself.
He asked me 2 questions related to Data Structures.
Question 1: Print all the continuous sub-arrays where the sum of the sub-array becomes zero. Required space complexity was O(n).
Question 2: Given a string containing parenthesis. Find the total no of reversal of parenthesis to make the given output as balanced one. This question followed a detailed discussion and interviewer gave me different no of inputs to test the code.
After the coding questions. he asked me some basic questions related to Operating Systems like Deadlocks and Semaphores.
At last 3 students got the internship offer from Amazon.
