I applied off campus for Amazon Bangalore SDE-1. It started with two face to face rounds.
Face-2-Face (Round 1) :
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/print-binary-tree-vertical-order-set-2/
Face-2-Face (Round 2):
He started introducing himself and then asked me some behavioural questions.
And then he asked me one dynamic programming question.
A matrix is given and each cell has some value. You can enter from any cell of first row and make three different moves down, south-east and south-west i.e. from (i,j) to (i+1,j+1), (i+1,j-1),(i+1,j). You need to calculate maximum value when you reach last row.
I gave recursive solution of complexity O(3^n) and then finally gave him dynamic programming solution in O(n^2). He was not done yet then he asked me to print the path as well. I did.
Both interviews were good so I was waiting for results. After 2 days I got the call you have cleared both the rounds and they want to conduct two more rounds. Next step was two more face-2-face rounds.
 Face-2-Face (Round 3):
It was a bar raiser round very crucial for the whole process. Interviewer introduced himself and asked me behavioural questions like:
I was currently working on Blockchain so he asked me about this technology cause its totally new and amazing tech so he was pretty impressed. He asked if I have any question for him. I asked several question related to his work and Amazon visions.

Face-2-Face (Round 4): Hiring manager round
This round was behavioural round and cultural fit. He asked so many questions related to projects and current work.
Then he asked me explain current company project and project architecture, my role in team etc. Guys prepare well for behavioural questions, they look for culture fit.
Coding question:
Print the vertical sum of a binary tree.
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/vertical-sum-in-binary-tree-set-space-optimized/
Result : I got the call after 3 days and hr said congratulations, you are placed and It was like dream came true.
Thanks to my parents, Upendra Bhaiya and Prajakta for all the support. I want to thank geeksforgeeks team, it’s an ideal platform for preparing coding interviews.
