Amazon came to my campus in the last week of July, 2017.
The online round was hosted on HackerEarth platform.
It had 2 coding questions and 20 MCQs.
Q1. Given an unsorted array A, find the largest value of i-j such that A[i]>A[j].
Q2. Given an unsorted array A and a number k, find the maximum sum sub string in the array such that its sum is divisible by k.
MCQs:
     1 mark each and 0.25 negative mark.
     Few MCQs were based on data Structures, algorithms, oops and operating Systems, 1 or 2 from logical  reasoning, networking and DBMS each. 
Every interview round started with the cliche “tell me about yourself” and ended with “do you have any questions”.
Round 1:
Design Question : Given a log file with product id and corresponding customer id for the products searched on amazon, you need to find the most viewed product at the end of the day. If a product is viewed multiple times by a single customer its view count is increased only by 1. Number of products are very large so sorting, heap or hashing of product Ids is not feasible.   
Solution- Use Trie data structure. After 10 minutes of discussion I could come up this.
          Production level code for insert and search in a trie was required.
What if k max viewed products were required.
During my discussion he also asked me to write a hashing function.
Round 2:
Round 3
The interviewer then asked me which other non coding subject do I like. I said os.
So he asked me several basic questions on OS.
What is-
Round 4 
The famous Amazon’s Bar Raiser Round
My internship experiences.
Detail discussion about my summer internship project.
What is your favorite algorithm and why.
Toughest thing you did in college.
What are some leadership principles you learnt during your summer internship.
What was the non technical thing you learnt at your internship.
This was a telephonic round and went on for 34 minutes.
I recommend every one to prepare from InterviewBit, Hackerearth CodeMonk, Hackerrank, http://blog.gainlo.co/index.php/category/system-design-interview-questions/, https://ashayraut.wordpress.com/interview-preparation-best-100/ and geeksforgeeks.    
