I applied off campus for the role of Software Development Engineer at Amazon, Hyderabad.
Round 1 (Telephonic) : 1 hour
Interview began with my intro and briefing of my work at current company.Then he asked me two coding questions :
After two weeks, I got a mail to come for the face to face rounds of interviews.
Round 2 (F2F) : 1 hour
Interviewer was very friendly. I was tensed before entering into the room but after talking to him for a minute, I started feeling comfortable. He started with his introduction and then asked me about myself and the work I am doing in my current company.
Then, he moved on to the coding questions.
Some questions that arose as a result of discussion on OS were :
Q1 . What is critical section problem and how is it solved?
Q2 . What is Semaphore?
Q3 . What is race condition?
Q4 . What is write lock and what are the conditions of it?
Q5 . What are threads and processes?
Then he asked me if I had any questions and then I was asked to wait for the result of this round.
I was called after sometime for the next round.
Round 3 (F2F) : 1.25 hour
In this round, two people were there, both were looking like some senior persons at Amazon. They discussed only about my project in the current company in detail.They didn’t ask anything else in this round.
Round 4 (F2F) : 1 hour
Interviewer started with his introduction and asked me for mine.Then he asked me to brief my company project.
Then he asked two coding questions :
Round 5 (F2F) : 1.5 hour
Interview started with the introductions of me and the interviewer.
Then, he scanned my resume and started asking me about the projects I mentioned. Then he told me to select any of the projects and explain everything from scratch including my role, number of persons involved in the project and the role of each person. He also asked me the title of research paper I used to implement the project but I didn’t remember the title so he asked me name of any one author who was part of the research paper. I told him a name and he searched for the paper on his laptop there only.Discussion on the project was approx 45 minutes long.
After discussing the project in detail, he gave me a coding question and we discussed that question also for approx 45 minutes.
Question – There is a number given in the form of a string.Number can be any long.Now I have to tell just greater number of the given number which is a palindrome also.
Sol : https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/given-a-number-find-next-smallest-palindrome-larger-than-this-number/

