Amazon visited our campus for SDE-1. Interview process started with an online coding round followed by 4 face to face interviews.  All interview rounds started with brief introduction about me.
Online Round :
A hackerank contest  with 22 questions consisting of 2 coding problems and 20 MCQ’s on C, OS, DBMS, Networking.
Coding Questions :
1. Given a 2d array with only two elements ‘#’ & ‘.’  . ‘#’ represents cherry and ‘.’ represents nothing. Can you divide the array into 2 halves with equal cherries. You can only make a single cut either horizontally or vertically.
2. Sliding Window of size k . Find max in each window.
No need of optimization, brute force was accepted.
F2F 1 (30 minutes  , Director + Technical)
1.You have a 2-d matrix , you have to print matrix in Spiral Order Form.  Production code was required.
2. What is the most funniest and craziest data structure you have ever used.
I said Segment Trees. He asked me to explain it. Why to use it, explain it through some example, prove its complexity.
F2F 2 (40 minutes, Technical )
1.       You have a 2-d array (m*n) , where every row and column is sorted in increasing order. You have to return an array which is sorted (basically have to sort given 2d array)
Approach 1- insert all elements in map/set . ( O(mnlog(mn))  ) .
Approach 2- insert first element of each row in a heap (same as sort k sorted list of equal length), then call extract-min and insert next element  from the required row.
Complexity-   O(mnlog(m) )
Follow up question- what if m>>n ? 
Solution- Transpose the given matrix and follow the same procedure as above.
2.       Given a binary tree containing positive and negative values, you have to find maximum sum that passes through parent.  ( O(n) solution was required ).
Proper code was required for both the questions.

F2F -3 (1 hour ,Technical )
Several questions on Operating Systems  and Computer Networking.
Operating Systems-   Difference  between multi -tasking, multi-processing and multiprogramming,  Virtual Memory, why to use Virtual memory, issues related to virtual memory , paging, segmentation , multithreading, difference between process and thread.
Computer Networking- What happens when you type www.amazon.com in Web Browser,  how server handle requests, how routing works, difference between HTTP and HTTPS, how TCP works.
Coding Question-  Given an array, find min element in the range (xi,yi)  . Queries can be very large.
First i gave brute force approach (0(n) for each query ) and after that I gave a segment Tree solution to him. He told me to prove  time and space complexity.
Follow up question- What if we delete some element from segment tree. How do you augment       your data structure.
I said that instead of deleting we can update it to INT_MAX value.
F2F-4 (1 hour, Technical)
Given a string consisting of 3 types of brackets (  ‘(‘, ‘{‘, ‘[‘ ) , there are priorities assigned to each bracket. You have to check if given string is balanced and valid.
Definition of valid- Higher priority bracket can’t be inside lower priority bracket.
I solved it by a single Stack .
Follow up question-
Find the length of longest valid substring which is balanced and valid.
Then he asked if you have any questions.
 Interview tips-
Interviewers don’t want most optimized solution. They see how you approach a question , Interact with interviewer if you get stuck ,don’t jump directly to code, think loud and be confident.
A big thanks to geeksforgeeks and other online judges.

