Eligibility Streams:
· BE- ECE, CSE & IT
· ME – ECE (Wireless communication)
· M.Tech. – CSE & IT
· MCA
Eligibility Criteria:
· Throughout first class i.e.>=60% in (10th,12th, Graduation and current course)
· No current Backlog.
· Good communication skills.
· Must not have appeared for Amdocs Recruitment process in any Campus/Off Campus process.
· Location – Gurgaon/Pune
Salary: 6 LPA + Annual Bonus* + Benefits* (*As per Amdocs policy)
ROUND 1 (ONLINE TEST):-
A total of around 350 students from BE (CSE, IT, ECE), ME (CSE, IT, ECE) and MCA. The online test was conducted on “AMCAT” platform by “Aspiring Minds”. It had the following 6 sections:
1. Personality/Psychometric – 80 questions – 20 minutes
2. Quantitative Aptitude – 16 questions – 18 minutes
3. Logical Reasoning – 14 questions – 16 minutes
4. English – 18 questions – 16 minutes
5. Coding – 2 questions – 45 minutes
6. Linux, PL/SQL, C – 30 questions – 20 minutes
Total time: 2 hours 15 minutes
Before beginning of the test, the student had to choose the language for the coding questions out of C/C++/Java.
Coding question #1:-
Sample Input:-
11
Sample Output:-
2,3,5,7,11
84 students were shortlisted from Round 1.
ROUND 2 (TECHNICAL INTERVIEW):-
The questions were asked on the basis of resume. It focused a lot on projects. It lasted for around 25-30 minutes.
1. What is your dream and passion?
2. How are you able to manage all your projects, semester courses and so many positions of responsibilities at the same time?
3. Out of all the projects that you have developed, explain your favorite project.
4. You have scored over 90% in class 10th and 12th, then why is your college CGPA so less?
5. What is your proficiency in the following technologies?
a) Languages : C, C++, Java, XML, Visual Basic
b) RDBMS : Oracle SQL, MySQL
c) OS : Unix, Linux, Windows
6. Which languages do you use for competitive programming and for development?
7. Out of C++ and Java, which language do you prefer as an OOP language?
8. Will you be able to learn Linux/Unix before the date of joining?
9. Where do you see yourself in the future?
10. Where are you from?
11. Which school did you study from?
12. What is your biggest achievement till date at the intra-school level?
13. Which is the most important position of responsibility that you have held till date?
75% of the students shortlisted from Round 1 were sent for Round 3 after Round 2.
ROUND 3 (HR INTERVIEW):-
1. What are your strengths and weaknesses?
2. Have you been ditched by someone? Have you learnt any lesson from it?
3. Are you shy? How can you overcome it?
4. What is your biggest achievement in life till date?
5. Briefly tell me something about your family background?
6. Do you have any siblings?
7. Being a single child, what is your responsibility towards your parents?
8. Being a single child, do you think you are pampered too much?
9. Do you enjoy being a single child?
10. Where do you live?
11. What is your native place?
12. Who lives in your native place?
13. You will be posted in either Gurgaon/Pune which is very far from current place of living as well as from your native place, so how will you perform your responsibilities towards your parents?
14. Why Amdocs?
15. Where do you see yourselves 5 years down the line?
16. Do you have leadership qualities?
17. How well do you work in a team?
18. Have you faced any problems while working in a team anytime?
19. Suppose you are the team leader for a project in the company. How will take inputs and ideas from your team members for the project?
20. Are you?
· Flexibility to work across any technology/ platform used by Amdocs
· Flexibility to work in any phases of SDLC
· Ready to work in Shift operations
· Flexible to work in Pune, Gurgaon or any other Amdocs location.
Give your answer in Yes/No.
21. Are you flexible to travel in case it is required? If yes, justify your answer with a valid point except the point that “I love travelling” which I hear always.
22. What is your mother tongue?
