This article is for all the beginners who have just started Android development Tools on Eclipse IDE for developing the android applications. Most of the beginners often face errors while developing the android applications.
The errors which I am going to discuss in this article are not syntax errors. These errors occur automatically (in most cases) and sometimes because of user’s mistake.The article deals with the errors, probable cause of the errors and their possible solutions.
My Environment is:
ERROR #1: Eclipse IDE does not start
In windows 10 operating system, it is seen for some users that the eclipse IDE does not start even after double clicking the eclipse icon.
You may have tried :
Probable Cause 
Corruption of the eclipse. ini file due to change in the version of the jdk, or due to multiple installations of eclipse.
Possible Solution

 ERROR #2: Missing R.java file
The R.java file which is automatically generated whenever a new project is created, If it is not being created,it leads to many errors when we try to access any resource item
You may have tried:
Probable Cause
Bad resources (e.g. layouts with errors)
Possible Solution
I
||
ERROR #3: App has stopped working unexpectedly
This error occurs when the app is deployed on to the emulator or the android phone. This error cannot be detected at the time of compilation.
Probable Cause
Activity file missing
Possible  Solution

 ERROR #4: Android.Manifest file does not declare a Java  package
 The following is the error message that might be getting displayed:
[2015-10-25 10:43:19 – com.android.ide.eclipse.adt.internal.project.AndroidManifestHelper] Unable to read /media/DATA/code/Android/XXX/AndroidManifest.xml: org.eclipse.core.internal.resources.ResourceException: Resource is out of sync with the file system: ‘/XXX/AndroidManifest.xml’.
Probable  Cause
This error occurs when user edits a workbench resource outside of Eclipse.
Possible  Solutions
There are generally two common approaches that are followed and have found to be useful for resolving errors for most of the users.
I   Select the “Refresh” project option. (Right click on the project, and then select “Refresh”.)
|| If method I does not work, then try to “Clean” the project.
Steps for cleaning Project:
ERROR #6 : Emulator does not start

Probable Cause
 Possible Solutions
I
II
 References:
www.stackoverflow.com
www.wikipedia.com
Article By Mudit Maheshwari:
A 3rd year B.Tech IT student from VIT University, Vellore having keen interest in coding, learning about new technology and developing softwares. Besides being passionate about coding, he also loves playing guitar and singing. Currently staying in Chennai. You can reach him at mudit94@gmail.com.
If you also wish to showcase your blog here, please see GBlog for guest blog writing on GeeksforGeeks.
