Arcesium is a post-trade technology and professional services firm. They offer a new way for hedge fund managers to scale their business while maintaining control of critical non-investment activities. Arcesium combines a comprehensive and fully-integrated technology platform with a team of experienced hedge fund professionals to solve the most complex post-trade challenges of asset managers.
Building on a platform developed and tested by one of the world’s leading hedge funds, the D. E. Shaw group launched Arcesium as an independent company in 2015. Company has headquearter in New York City, NY. They received additional equity backing from their second seed client, Blackstone Alternative Asset Management, the world’s largest discretionary allocator to hedge funds. By providing cutting-edge technology, automation, and security, Arcesium enables clients’ operations, accounting, treasury, and enterprise data management teams to achieve unparalleled results. 
Arcesium India won the “Best Partner Award 2016-2017” conferred  by the Indian Development Foundation (IDF), a national NGO committed to health, education, and development of India, for thier impactful Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) initiatives. Arcesium India also won the awards for “Leading Practices in Benefits Administration” and “Leading Practices in Learning & Development”.Know more about Arcesium

Arcesium conducts 5-6 rounds to select freshers as Assistant System Engineer in their organisation.
Academic Criteria :
Written Round :
The Online round consists of two parts which is conducted on some online coding platform (hackerRank). First part contains Technical and Aptitude based MCQs and the second part contains two or three coding problems. MCQs cover the topics including – DSA, Operating Systems, C, C++, Java basics. 
Tips : 
Technical Round :
The students who clear the written round are called for Technical Interview. To clear technical interview rounds you should be clear with your basics and also have in depth knowledge of Data structures and Algorithms, DBMS, Operating System and  Networking. Students will be expected to write codes in the interview. They also ask questions from resume. You may be asked puzzles in this round. To be prepared for puzzles you can practice from our Puzzles section.
Tips :
HR Round :
You can expect HR questions like :
1. Tell me about Yourself
2. Why Arcesium ?
3. How you see yourself after five years from now ?
4. What are your strengths and weaknesses ?
5. Questions form resume
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.

