Aricent visited our campus in Sep 2017 for hiring and I applied for the post Software Engineer. The recruitment process ended up in 2 days. It consists of 3 rounds.
Round 1: Online Test
The first round comprised of 60 MCQ questions including quantitative aptitude, logical reasoning, C output questions, program jumble(These were not MCQ) and technical portions (OS, Computer Networks, SQL)(Test Duration: 1.5 hours).
There were few MCQs where you have to fit a set of instructions into a given place of the program.
Quantitative Aptitude and Logical part were relatively easy, the questions were more intuitive and not typical paper pen/formula based. They were not very difficult but were tricky.
Suggestion: I would suggest doing practice from sites like Indiabix as it will give the confidence to solve problems.
Technical aptitude quiz part covered questions from computer networks, operating system, data structures(specifical tree and Linked List),  SQL and few questions from C++(OOPs concepts). C output questions were also there.
Suggestion: I would suggest doing quizzes from geeksforgeeks to get in touch with all concepts of C and other subjects.
Tips:- Solve the questions with a calm mind. Don’t stress yourself during the test because you have to do 60 questions in 90 minutes. Don’t spend too much time on any question if you are not able to do it in the first attempt.
Round 2: Technical Interview
After First round Results came after a day and I was selected for the next round. There were 2 Interviewers in the room. After a Normal introduction and tell me about yourself question He asked me about my favorite subjects. I told them about my favorite subjects C, DS, Algo, TOC, and Compilers.
Round 3: HR Interview
After waiting one hour or so We got the results and I was selected for the next round as well. in HR again there were 2 people.
Tips:- Be calm & answer politely.
Finally, after waiting for one more hours, they declared the result and 21 were selected I was one of them.
