I had an interview with BankBazaar.com. Their process is online coding test followed by a telephonic and f2f interviews.
Written test
The person who wrote this problem is going through the bad phase of his life. But, fortunately he won some cash in his last programming event.
Now to make his girlfriend feel special, he wants to buy her some chocolates. As mentioned, he is not having good time so he want to spend as less as possible.
Keeping that in mind, he decided to play a game with her. The rule of game is as follows:
1) There are N chocolates represented by type 1..N
2) He will arrange them in a row in some random order
3) Now she (his girlfriend ofcourse) has to pick an index say i, then she will get all the chocolates at index j such that j>i and type of chocolate at j is strictly less than type of chocolate at index i.
He believes that his girlfriend is not that clever and will surely not choose the most optimal index, but he wants to know that if by any chance she picked the optimal index then how many chocolates will he have to buy.
Input:
First line contain N. then next line contain N space separated integers.
output :
A single integer which is the answer.
Constraints :
1 = N = 105
1<=A[i]<=10^5

Sample Input (Plaintext Link)
10
7 6 10 5 2 8 1 9 3 4 
Sample Output (Plaintext Link)
7
Explanation
If she chooses i=3, then all the elements in right of i have type less than 10, hence ans is 7. In none of the other case she can get more chocolates

2) Forgot the 2nd question.

Round-1 Telephonic
Given a binary tree find the pairs which violate the BST property.
In BST EVERY element in left subtree must be less than every element in the right subtree 
In above tree the pairs violating BST property are (20, 10), (30, 25), (30, 10) , (25, 10), (50, 10) and (60, 40).
Expected time complexity for the problem is O(nlogn) time ?
solution: Make in-order traversal. Store the in-order traversal in an array. Find the pairs which voilate the property
I have not cleared this round so no f2f interview questions. 


