Round 1:
This was the round to filter 80 students out of 260 students, who appeared for the Online Quants test. It was open for CSE, ECE, ISE, TE and EEE departments.
Test had 5 different parts/sections, for each section around 15min were given, the sections were like Quantitative Aptitude, Logical Reasoning, Verbal Reasoning, Technical Aptitude and Automata (which is a coding round).
C/C++/Java questions were given if your main branch is CS in the Technical Aptitude round.
Each round consisted of an average of 12-15 questions of 1 mark each to be finished in 15-17 minutes. There was a no negative marking.
Section I, II, III consisted were decent aptitude questions along with quants, word coding logical reasoning and verbal reasoning questions.
Section IV completely consisted of C++ and C output based questions. Most of them were time consuming bit manipulation and Pointer questions (almost 70 percent).
Section V we had two coding question which were simple ones but time management was key. Like this https://www.programiz.com/cpp-programming/examples/prime-number-intervals and another one was a simple Math Coding question. The time given for this round was 15min.
Round2:
I was shortlisted for the interview process, after the results from the first round. There were 80 students form various departments. This was a Group Discussion Round.
You will be grouped along with your batch mates, usually a group of 5-6 and will be given a topic. The topic we got was “Is Technology Improvements increasing the Unemployment Ratio”.
This went on for about 20 minutes. It went well and remember through out the round be confident is putting forward your points, be a very good listener, try to add to the points that other team members put forward, and also be confident and vocal in putting out a contrary statement if you feel you are right. Help others have a voice in the GD and make sure every one gets a chance, be a leader in the GD.
The entire GD will be looked over by professionals from GE, and they will be grading you.
Round3:
From 80 students around 30 made it to the second round. This was a complete technical round.
He asked me
This process took a long time somewhere around 1hr 20 min, and the person seemed were interested and happy in my answers and I was called in for the last HR round. The person was warm and welcoming and made me feel comfortable as he asked me all these questions.
For my friends they asked q like
This completed my Second round was happy to be called for HR. Same rules apply here Always try to come up with a solution, never give up and try to give an answer even if you don’t know any.
Round 4:
This was a typical HR round but it was tricky to answer some questions. There were 2 HR Manager and they were as well very kind, warm and welcoming. One of the best HR experiences I have had. There around 14 people who made it till here and gave the HR round out of 260.
He asked me questions like
 Rest of the questions were all based on the CV. They asked me about many such questions and I was able to answer all of them. A key in successfully clearing HR round is your confidence and how honest you are with your Interviewer when asked these various questions, the more honest you are the better. Always have a smile on your face. Be strong and poised in your answers and you will be able successfully create a good impression on the interviewers. This Interview experience was the best one for me, as all the interviewers made me feel like I was part of the company.



