Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited(BPCL) conducted pool placement drive for 4 NITs at NIT Silchar. (NIT Agartala, NIT Silchar, NIT Mizoram, NIT Manipur)
Profile: Management Trainee.
The whole process consisted 5 rounds.
Round 1: Resume shortlisting. (Mostly based on CGPA)
Round 2: This round consisted a written test having both objective and subjective questions. There were 25 MCQs and 10 subjective questions based on Computer Networks, Operating System, Database Management System, Network Security and Web-Services.
Round 3: Case Study Based Group Discussion. (All groups with different cases)
Case: You are newly recruited in a company and you are working on a project with a group of 4 students including you. Your project was successful, and everyone appreciated your group. At the beginning of few projects everyone in your group contributed equally but after few days you found that two of your group members lost interest in projects and didn’t contribute for it. But on the other hand, your projects are achieving success. One of those who aren’t contributing to the project is a son of managing director of the same company in which you are working. The other one is just a normal middle-class guy. How will you try to solve this situation?
Round 4: Technical Interview.
This was a six-panel interview consisting technical questions based on Computer Networks, Operating System, Database Management System, Network Security and Web-Services. Some of the questions were as follows:
1.    What is Indexing? Types of Indexing.
2.    What is Blockchain? What is Bitcoin.?
3.    What is Superuser?
4.    Questions based on Deadlock and Paging.
5.    Questions based on Cloud Computing and Network Security.
There were some management and HR questions too.
1.    What is Capital Expenditure?
2.    Why BPCL?
3.    What do you know about BPCL?
4.    Tell us about yourself.
Questions related to Projects/Internships:
1.    Explain your best project till date.
2.    Why Cross-platform application development? Advantages and Disadvantages.
3.    How you will implement Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence in BPCL?
4.    Why Open source tools?
Round 5: HR Interview.
This was a two-panel interview consisting technical questions based on Computer Networks, Operating System, Database Management System, Network Security and Web-Services and HR questions. Some of the questions were as follows:
1.    Tell us about yourself.
2.    What is your greatest achievement?
3.    What will you do if we only make you code and develop applications for next 20 years at BPCL.
4.    Where you see yourself in 5 years?
5.    Questions regarding threats while storing data on cloud and local network and their prevention.
6.    How to make transaction more secure than the current scenario? 
