I attended interview at Brocade for the post of Software Engineer (0-2.5 years experience). Some 200+ people had walked-in and it was a pretty large gathering. Though location pointed in Google Maps was right, the route for vehicle driving was wrong. So take care to start early.
First we had a written round è 15 Aptitude Questions + 25 Technical Questions. One hour time and no Negative Marking.
Aptitude questions were easy to crack and very basics. There were direction based problems, profit and loss, ratio and proportions, and speed around a circular track. There were few reasoning questions and guess the sequence, encoding/decoding type of questions.
Technical questions were mainly “Guess the Output” type questions. There was not much theory based questions in technical – which is a good thing. There was a question based on segmentation of pages, page fault, RB tree ordering, Infix-Postfix operations, heap dump, aggregation and few other topics.
Then they said they will announce result in 1 hour, but took 3 hours. Hence it is advisable to take something to eat. Though they provided lunch for the 60 people, who cleared written round, waiting is a tedious process.
Then those selected, were called for a face-to-face 1-on-1 technical. The person who conducted first technical round for me was a project manager. Starting with introduction, questions were primarily based on project details, and what I had done till date.
1.       Tell me about yourself.
2.       Are you comfortable with talking about your current project activity? If so, please explain what you are currently doing. (My current project was on LLDP)
3.       What is LLDP? Why do you need it?
4.       How do you let a peer know about congestion? What is PAUSE frame?
5.       Tell me more about congestion notification.
6.       If you are to write a protocol stack from scratch, tell me what will be your approach towards the design. Will you have any interface between the protocol and the hardware?
7.       What is threads? Do threads share memory space?
8.       How do you store a routing table? What data structure would you use?
9.       If your routing table had 3 million routes, what approach would you use to display it?
10.   Write a program to reverse the words in a string and print it. I used a singly linked list to parse and store the string, and displayed it using a loop. He said, approach was complicated, but
The interviewer was kind, and gave me enough time to think before answering. I took some time to analyze and answer the routing table display question. He said “You are doing well enough till now, take your time and answer.” It was a very comfortable environment.
Then they asked me to wait for next round. The next round the interviewer looked very stern, and throughout one question kept leading to the other.
1.       Write the syntax of a pointer to a function with return type float taking two integer arguments.
2.       Now write the syntax of a function pointer with return type float taking two integer arguments.
3.       Now use both in a function! (I lost here L )
4.       Write a function to display binary value of a decimal number. (as it was just display, I used printf within while loop)
5.       Provide me a real time example , which you have used at work, of singly and doubly linked list. Explain your answer and why you prefer it.
6.       What is the worst case time complexity of a binary search?
7.       Why is the time complexity of binary search O(log n) ?
8.       What are threads? What is difference between thread and process?
9.    How will a parent process know that a child is dead?
10.   What is the API for signal handling?
11.   What are the most common signals that can be handled?
12.   What is segmentation fault?
13.   Will a segmentation fault occur when I assign 0x00 to a pointer? Or when I try to access it?
14.   Why is a process faster than a thread?
15.   What is deadlock?
16.   How does deadlock occur?
17.   What is mutex and semaphores?
18.   Won’t a deadlock occur with mutex or semaphore? How would you avoid it?
19.   Write a program to display the double of a number without using arithmetic operators? I simply did left shift once.
20.   Will your program work if it is a negative number? Modify your code to calculate the double of a negative number also.
21.   Then this puzzle , he had asked : https://www.quora.com/Puzzle-Which-number-survives-at-the-last
22.   What is DHCP?
23.   What is DNS?
24.   Explain me in detail every single step that goes on inside when I turn on my laptop and type www.google.com.
He asked me some more questions, that I have forgotten. I felt that I didn’t answer much. Hope things turn out good. 
