About Company :  CGI Group Inc. (Consultants to Government and Industries), more commonly known as CGI, is a Canadian global information technology (IT) consulting, systems integration, outsourcing, and solutions company founded in 1976 by Serge Godin and André Imbeau headquartered in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
In 2017, CGI ranked #177 in Forbes Top Multinational Performers, #997 on Forbes Global 2000 list, and #287 Canada’s Best Employers. In 2014, CGI ranked 10th in the 2014 Global Outsourcing 100 by the International Association of Outsourcing Professionals (IAOP), included in the top 25 in the FinTech rankings, also identified as a ‘Leader’ in the IDC MarketScape Worldwide IT Professional Services for its Utility Smart Grid 2014 Vendor Assessment program. In 2013, Frost & Sullivan gave CGI theNorth American Government Cloud Solutions Company of the Year Award. In 2010 the CiMS solution was nominated for “Best Mobile Innovations for Utilities” at the Global Mobile Awards.
Company type : IT services, IT consulting.
Eligibility criteria : 60% and above in 10th and 12th, BE/B.Tech : 6 CGPA and above.
Job Location : Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai.
Branch : All Branches(CSE, ECE, EEE, Mechanical, Civil, Chemical, Mining, Metallurgy and materials Engineering etc., )
Following were the process they followed to recruit the graduates.
First Round : Screening test. It consists of questions from quantitative aptitude, logical reasoning, Verbal reasoning and questions from Business analysis. There were two coding  questions also.
    1. Print Trapezium pattern.
    2. Check whether two 8 bit numbers are graycode sequence or not.
After that, 44 students are shortlisted. They were called for next rounds.
Second Round : Technical Round 1
    All the questions related to the projects mentioned is asked. Students who performed well was called for next round and I was one of them. 
Third Round :  Technical Round 2
    This was truly a technical round by the way. I will mention some of the questions from this round which I remember,
1. Questions from projects done.
2. Questions about Java servlets(Which I have mentioned in my project.)
    1. Like, How backend internal working take place with servlets.
    2. What is XML, JSP, HTML, Bootsrap. What are the main components of              HTML.
3. What is Diamond problem?
4. Questions about Java OOP concept.
5. Difference between int and INTEGER.
6. Scope of variables and classes. Can we call one class of one package in the class of another package?
7. What is polymorphism? What is overloading and overriding?
8. How to implement stack as a queue?
9. About GET and POST method.
10. Difference between stack and queue.
11. Be ready for puzzles too in this round.
I could remember only these questions but there were many more questions asked.
I cleared this round also and was called for HR round.
Third Round : HR Round 
They asked us to prepare one presentation on any topic from emerging technologies like Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Blockchain etc., . I prepared one presentation on Machine Learning and I was asked to present the topic to the HR. They were quite impressed with my presentation and communication skills. They only check whether you can express your ideas or not.
Tip: 
    • Be ready with one presentation on any topic prior to the day of interview process.
    • Also bring your passport size photographs(atleast 3-4) on the day of interview process.
While we were waiting for our chances for first round(i.e., Technical round), recruiters asked us to prepare one presentation on emerging technologies and two selfie videos, first video about “your introduction” and second video about your role model.
After HR round they saw those two selfie videos that they had asked us to prepare. After calculating the total marks of every round they announced the result.
 I was one of those 12 people who were waiting for the results after that day long process. Unfortunately I could not make it to the final list. But Still I am sharing my experience to help other geeks. All the best and Prepare well. 
Believe in yourself.
Hope it will help.
All the Best!!
