About the Company:
Cisco Systems, Inc. is an American multinational technology conglomerate headquartered in San Jose, California, in the centre of Silicon Valley, that develops, manufactures and sells networking hardware, telecommunications equipment and other high-technology services and products. Through its numerous acquired subsidiaries, such as OpenDNS, WebEx, Jabber and Jasper, Cisco specializes in specific tech markets, such as the Internet of Things (IoT), domain security and energy management. Cisco is the largest networking company in the world.
Cisco commenced India operations in 1995. There are seven Sales Offices in the region – New Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai, Pune, Kolkata and Hyderabad. The Cisco Global Development Center is in Bangalore and is the largest outside the US. It houses Cisco’s Research and Development (R&D), IT, Services and customer support teams and develops disruptive business models for Cisco to create new go-to-market channels, markets, processes and technologies for emerging markets. The Advanced Global Briefing Center located here showcases Cisco’s latest technology solutions and proofs-of-concept.
Goto Cisco >>
Know More on Cisco India >>
Its not about winning awards. Its about winning hearts

Recruitment Process:
MCQ Round:
This round consists of around 50 questions divided into 3 basic sections with no negative marking:
Technical Rounds:
These consist of the face to face rounds with the interviewer where questions will be on CS subjects like Data Structure, Algorithms, Operating System, Networking, Database Management etc. Students will be tested of his or her in-depth knowledge in all aspects of domains related to Computer Science and Networking. Questions are generally asked from the projects, internships or training mentioned in the CV. The company primarily focuses on the approach of the students towards a particular problem. Few asked questions are:
Mangerial Round:
In this round, the company brings out the managerial approach of a student towards a particular problem and tests his or her managerial skills related to teamwork, project leading, cooperation, discipline etc. Few questions asked are:
HR Round:
This round deals less with less technical questions and more with the HR questions like:
Questions asked in Cisco:
Few Interview Experiences:
Where To Apply:
