Cognizant came to our campus this year for the hiring process. It was a 2 day long process i.e First day(Online test) and the Second day(Technical and further HR). Trust me, there was a huge of competition among the candidates. The criteria that they had set was 60% throughout(Including 10th, 12th and degree). Relaxation of maximum 1 years within academics was entertained, with no active backlog in any subject among all semester. Joining was in the next year i.e July-2019. Package was 3.38 Net-gross(In hand). There were almost 2000+ candidates those were meeting the eligibility criteria so there was a massive amount of competition. The post that they were offering was Program Analyst. Pretty decent position to start your career in such a big multinational company. Cognizant is one the company and provides its employee with a great amount exposure but at the same time it needs your dedication and hard work as well. I also didn’t know what to study for the online test, there came Prepinsta in the role.The website if sufficient to big you the pattern it helped me a lot.
Round 1: ONLINE TEST
The platform of the test was AMCAT, one of the platform that many companies uses for their recruitment process. Lucky for me as I was completely aware of the pattern that AMCAT follows. Its an adaptive test which means your current question decides your upcoming question. Either the level decreases if current question is answered incorrectly or the level get increased is answered correctly.
These were the following sections asked in the Paper
Many of you might be thinking of what is AutoFix. AMCAT mainly uses Automata but there is AutoFix too. The question in AutoFix consist of logical and syntactical errors present within the given code. Its like the executable code is given with error present witthin it. You just have to figure out the error and boom its working fine. The question in the section are quite and easy and requires basic knowledge of programming and logic building.
The entire online test was of intermediate difficulty, if you are good at quantitative problems just the verbal section of the test needs a bit of attention especially the synonyms and antonyms. There are about 5-6 of these question.
Around 650 students cleared the online test the results were announced later that day in the evening.
Round 2: TECHNICAL INTERVIEW
The following day all the students those were shortlisted for the technical interview were excepted to submit their resumes to the officials as they were called in batches of around 30 students. It took quite long for my turn to time, the process started around 9 in the morning and I got my call for the interview around 5 in evening so you can imagine the amount of tiredness and frustration that I had gone through it was mighty 8 hours wait…But that is the time that one needs to utilize effectively. I studied for those 8 hours like those were my last on the planet gained every knowledge that I could regarding your projects even the basics of it.
These were the question those were asked from me:
Then he got into my projects and questioned me regarding them and around 8-10 question my projects and told me to explain the one that I had upon recently. I had around 5 project (2 were in java, 1 in python, 1 in C++ and last one was game development using augmented reality).
Lucky for me the person who was taking my interview for very friendly. It was a 20-30 minutes long technical. About 350 students were shortlisted for the HR interview.
Round 3: HR INTERVIEW
It was quick round and took hardly 5-10 minutes to complete. The interviewer was just their to check the confidence level and verbal communication level. Finally I was shortlisted.
Hope my interview experience helps you and all the best for your recruitment process. See you at cognizant. Cheers!! I would be happy to help further if needed.
