Founded in 2010, CouponDunia is headquartered in Mumbai with a tech office in Bengaluru. CouponDunia receives about 5.2 million monthly visits, lists coupons from 2000+ online brands including top stores like Flipkart, Amazon, MakeMyTrip, PayTM and BookMyShow, has 7.5 million email subscribers and more than 2 million App downloads. CouponDunia has grown to become India’s largest discount and offer destination.  Know more about CouponDunia

CouponDunia conducts 5-6 rounds to select freshers as Software Engineer in their organisation.
Academic Criteria 
Online Coding Round 
First round is a programming round. This round is generally conducted on HackerRank. To clear this round you must be well prepared with data structres and algorithms. 
Tips 
1.  Don’t forget to check boundry cases.
Technical Round and HR Round 
The students who clear the written round are called for Technical Interview. Some of technical rounds may be conducted on Skype, where you could be expected to write the code. To clear this round you should be clear with your basics. You should be prepared very well with Data structures and Algorithms, DBMS, and Operating System. You should be well prepared with system design problems. Students will be expected to write codes in the interview. They also ask questions from resume. They frequently ask questions about your previous projects. You may be asked puzzles in this round. To be prepared for puzzles you can practice from our Puzzles section.
Tips
1. Understand the question completely and thoroughly
2. You must be good enough in writing the codes at the moment because in each interview they made us write full functions.
3. Be clear how you will proceed before you start writing your code.
4. Check your code for errors and bugs before you present it to the interviewer, its never a good idea
   to present a code with errors & bugs because they will always find the smallest bugs in your
   code.
5. Questions are mainly based on data structures and problem solving ability
6. You must be aware of the working of CouponDunia. 
Application Development Round
This round is optional. If you are experienced than you may expect this round. In this round, you are provided with some requirements and you have to design an application to for those requirements.
Tips
1. Write clean code.
2. You should be clear of your approach.
HR Round
You can expect general HR questions like :
1. Tell me about Yourself
2. Why CouponDunia ?
3. How you see yourself after five years from now ?
4. What are your strengths and weaknesses ?
5. Questions form resume
6. How can you improve suggestions of coupons to the users ?
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.

