I received a call from a consultancy, informing me that there are vacancies in D E Shaw for freshers. So they take my resume from  naukri.com and send it to DE Shaw. Within 10 minutes, i got another call from D E Shaw recruiter. She scheduled my telephonic interview on the next day.
Telephonic Round : (1 hour)
1. Tell me about yourself.
2. Discussion about projects. They asked me what  technology i used and which classes i created in my project.
3. Difference bw C and C++.
4. OOPs principles with examples , function overloading , function overriding , types of polymorphism, templates
5. Virtual functions and how they work (vtable and vptr concept)
6. Exception handling in C++
7. difference bw C++ and java.(I told him some differences and also i clearly mentioned him that i am not comfortable in Java. So he don,t ask me any further questions on Java).
8. Difference bw array and linked list . what is stack.
9. Indexing and joins in DBMS , clustered and non clustered index
10. How to create a BST .
11. loop detection in linked list, merging of linked list
12. Which sorting algorithm is best .?
13. Private constructor . example when it use ( i told singleton pattern )
After few days I got a call for the interviews at Hyd. D E Shaw has awesome office. (All rounds were taken by 2 Interviewers)
Interview round 1:
1. Tell me about yourself.
2. Discussion about projects. They asked me what  technology i used and which classes i created in my project.
3. Search an element in sorted and rotated array. (I told him the approach that does not require to find the pivot. )
4. Group By in SQL , write the query for finding the second highest salary. (without using sub-query sol )
5. He asked me in which language i was most comfortable among C and C++. I told C++.
6. Some questions on C++.
7. Smart pointer concept in C++
8. Templates in C++.
Interview round 2:
1. Tell me about yourself.
2. why DE Shaw ?
3. point of intersection in two linked list(2-3 approaches)
4. write a code to check a string is palindrome is not.
5. indexing in dbms , joins , ACID properties
6. function overloading , virtual functions .
7. Singleton class
8. Deadlock, deadlock prevention techniques, paging, segmentation, dirty bit, virtual memory. IS Using virtual memory technique is always helpful??
9. Inode in Unix
10. Abstract class and interface . When to use abstract class and when interfaces are used?
11. Which data structure i will use to implement forward and backward button in browser (Doubly linked list)
12. A simple puzzle 
HR round:
Some basic HR questions
Apart from that, below are some  questions,  asked to other candidates there.
1. Design a online reservation system for n rooms.
2. Longest palindromic substring .
3. 25 Horses puzzle
4. Which sorting algo is used to sort names in a large file .
5. Reverse a stack.
6. Reverse a doubly linked list .
Geeks for Geeks helped me lot in my preparations. I followed GFG thoroughly during my preparations, hope that my experience would help you in your interviews.

