About the Company:
Directi comprises of a group of tech businesses owned, operated or invested in by Bhavin and/or Divyank Turakhia. The Group boasts of multiple business units that are run independently by their respective management teams. The Directi portfolio companies comprise of Radix, Ringo, Flock, Zeta and Codechef. Media.net, owned by Starbuster TMT Investments, leverages the Directi brand and culture for recruitment in its India offices. Directi also comprised of BigRock, ResellerClub, LogicBoxes and WebHosting.info which were sold to the Endurance International Group in a $160 million transaction in 2014. Across these businesses, Directi employs 1500+ people across 8 offices, with over 9 million customers, revenues of over $250 million and a group enterprise value of over $1.4 billion. The company has invested in multiple categories leading global brands across business areas as diverse as web presence (domains, hosting, cloud-infrastructure), online advertising, communication & collaboration (voice and messaging) and payments (benefits and compensation).

Recruitment Process:
MCQ Round (Additional for Operation Engineers):
This round is conducted for the hiring of Operation Engineers and consists of around 20 questions related to Operating System, Computer Networks, Algorithms and Data Structure, and general aptitude. Negative marking is also there and the round lasts for about 30 minutes.
Coding Round:
This is an online coding round conducted on CodeChef and generally consists of 2 to 3 questions. One needs to pass through maximum successful test cases to make it to the next technical rounds.
Few questions that one can refer to are:
Technical Rounds:
These consist of face to face rounds with the interviewer and to pass through these round one should have good knowledge regarding the facts mentioned in the CV. The questions are generally asked from the projects, internships or training mentioned in the CV. Following this one should be well known with the course related subjects like Data Structure, Algorithms, Operating System, Networking, Database Management etc. Few asked questions are:
HR-cum-Technical Round:
This is the final round and questions are generally asked from the projects and experience one has in the technical fields during the past years. It is also a less HR and more of a technical round. HR related questions can be asked related to family background. Questions can also be related to open source or latest technologies like GitHub or trending technologies. Algorithmic questions along with puzzles can also be thrown at the interviewee to test the presence of mind and logic.
Questions asked in Directi:

Few Interview Experiences:
Where To Apply:
Apply at Directi >>
