Drishti-soft solutions came in our college.here is my interview experience. There were total 5  rounds
1. First round
It was an online round. It comprised of two sections.
In first section, there were 30 MCQs and were supposed to be solved in 30 minutes. It included only quantitative aptitude questions.
Second section was PROGRAMMING section. It consisted of 4 coding questions.
The PROGRAMMING sections had three sub sections: FRESH CODING(2 questions), API CODING and DEBUGGER.
1. Given a number m,u have to print the maximum value after 1 swap.
e.g.  m=5482 prints 8452 .you can use only one swap for any two numbers .
2. Tees Mar Khan (problem name) :-given a matrix , you have to rob maximum value . you have to start at topmost left corner and reach to last corner. you can move either right or down.if any house is robbed then u can’t robbed next right or down house (i.e. adjacent house).you can rob diagonally located house
3. The subsection DEBUGGER expects you to understand the given code and fix the bugs.the problem is Sudoku Checker
4. API coding related with trie. u have to complete some functions .I don’t remember the question.
Test was of three hours.
18 students were shortlisted after this round.
2. Design round:- 
It consists of a networking problem and u have to complete the problem with given constraints.
Basically u have to transfer a file from sender to receiver line by line using server as intermediate.They have already implemented the
socket programming and we had to complete the sender and receiver code.
3. Debugging round:- 
This round contained one question. You have to understand the problem and you have to debug it.The problem is reverse DNS lookup.
After these two technical rounds, 11 students were shortlisted for next round. I was one of those lucky ones.
Second last  round started at 9.00 p.m. and ended at 10.10 p.m. 
4. Project round:- 
Discussions  on college projects, about my internship which I had done in Mebelkart.com.Then he gave me a case of online test website.
I have to design the DBMS structure .I designed the DBMS structure . Then he added some constraint and I had to change the DBMS structure to satisfy the given
constraints.
Last round started at 10.20 p.m. and ended at 12.10 a.m.
5. It was a HR round and he discussed about my college life.
All interviewers were very friendly.
Thanks to geeksforgeeks team

