eBay Inc. is a multinational e-commerce corporation based in San Jose, California that facilitates consumer-to-consumer and business-to-consumer sales through its website. eBay was founded by Pierre Omidyar in 1995. The company manages eBay.com, an online auction and shopping website in which people and businesses buy and sell a wide variety of goods and services worldwide. The website is free to use for buyers, but sellers are charged fees for listing items after a limited number of free listings, and again when those items are sold.
eBay is placed at position #127 in the Forbes’ Best Employers for Diversity list, #98 in Top Regarded Companies list, #316 in World’s Best Employers list, #407 on Global 2000 list, #55 in World’s Most Valuable Brands list, #130 in America’s Top Companies’ list. eBay is placed at position #310 in Fortune 500 list in 2017 and was placed at #300 in Fortune 500 list in 2016.  Know more about eBay

eBay conducts 4-5 rounds to select freshers as Software Development Engineer in their organisation.
Academic Criteria :
Written Round :
The online round consists of two major sections namely General Aptitude Test and Programming Test. General Aptitude Test, has mathematical reasoning and logical reasoning problems and Programming test generally consists of questions from C, C++, Java, Operating System, Data Structure, and Algorithm. 
Technical Round and HR Round :
The students who clear the written round are called for Technical Interview. To clear this round you should be clear with your basics. You should be prepared with Data structures and Algorithms, DBMS, and Operating System. Students will be expected to write codes in the interview. They also ask questions from resume. You should be good in projects you have done. Explain projects clearly. You may be asked puzzles in this round. To be prepared for puzzles you can practice from our Puzzles section.
Tips :
HR Round
Sometimes this round is 3:1 where you can expect general HR questions along with situation based problems, puzzles and questions from resume:
1. Tell me about Yourself
2. Why eBay ?
3. How you see yourself after five years from now ?
4. What are your strengths and weaknesses ?
5. Why so interested in  coding?
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.

