Selection Process had two phases.

Pen Paper Coding round (phase 1):
We were handed a booklet consisting of three coding questions, followed by blank space to write the solution for the same.
Q-1: Given a matrix of size n*m, and a point P(c,r). Print the matrix in spiral form(clockwise) starting the point P.
Ex.
Input:
3 3      // n, m
1 2 3
4 5 6
7 8 9
1 3     // point P
Output:
3 6 5 2 9 8 7 4 1
Q-2: Given a string containing only numbers(0-9). What is the smallest number you can get by removing exactly k characters from the string. 
Q-3: Given a matrix. Convert it into a linked list matrix such that each node is connected to its next right and down node. 
–

Face2Face (phase 2):
There were two technical rounds followed by an HR round.

Round 1:
The interviewer asked four coding questions:
Q – Given a string with repeated consecutive elements. Compress the string by replacing all the consecutive occurrences of the characters by the number of repetition.
Ex:
I/P:
aabbbcddddee
O/P:
a2b3cd4e2
Q – Given a Binary Tree. You need to check if its a Perfect Binary Tree or not without using any extra space, recursion or anything.
Q – Given an array with every number twice, two numbers appear only once. Find these two numbers.
Q – Which sorting technique would use to sort an almost sorted array and why? Explain with an example.

Round 2:
The interviewer told me take seat and wait for 2-5 mins. He then gave me the first question.
Q – Given a matrix (NxN) which is row-wise and column-wise sorted. Now print the elements present in the matrix in sorted order. Constraints – Space complexity not greater than O(N). (N is the no. of rows, not the entire matrix size)
As i explained the logic, he asked me to code it, and dry run some test cases.
Q – Given an n-ary tree. Find the LCA of two given nodes.
After this one more interviewer joined, and they both discussed about the first Pen-Paper round and asked about how i came up with the solution.
Asked some questions on OOPs like Order of execution of constructors in inheritance. 
They were pretty impressed. Try to be interactive during the interview. They help a lot.
