Recently I appeared for Flipkart Interview. I would like to share my experience.

Round-1: Telephonic (45 mins)
—————————–
1. Given an array of n distinct integers sorted in ascending order. Find an index i s.t ar[i] = i. Return -1 if no such index exists. Note that integers in array can be negative.
2. Design a stack which holds an integer value such that getMinimum() function should return the minimum element in the stack.
FOLLOW UP: Implement popMin() function which would pop minimum element from the original stack. O(1) implementation was required.(Hint: Use LinkedList to implement stack and store address of minimum element node in min-stack)
3. Print an organisational hierarchy.
Naveen manages Satish
Satish manages Anushree
Satish manages Sandeep
Gurinder manages Naveen
Gurinder->Naveen
Naveen->Satish
Satish->Anushree,Sandeep
Anushree->
Sandeep->
Round-2: Telephonic (30 mins)
—————————– 
1. Given an array which is first strictly increasing and then strictly decreasing. Find an element in this array.Discussions on various approaches and their complexities. 
After these two rounds, I was called for Face-2-Face discussions in Bangalore. There I had 4 rounds.

Round-3: In-House Coding(1 Hour 45 mins)
—————————————-
Write a running code in any language to implement the famous tic-tac-toe game.
First there was discussion on various approaches and basic functions which would be required to implement the same. Then I was asked to code.
I was given 1 hour 15 mins to code this.I had to design this game as per following:
          1) Game has 3 modes: Human Vs Human, Human Vs Computer and Computer Vs Computer.
      	2) Initially start with 3X3 grid, but it can be generalised to NXN grid. So don’t hardcode any variable.
      	3) Minimise Code Redundancy and try to make it as modular as posible.
      	4) Try to use abstraction and expose lesser number of functions(APIs) to outside world.
      	5) Try to cover maximum number of edge cases, like when to abort the game, draw condition, win condition, overwriting existing value in grid etc)
After I wrote running code for the same, I was told to explain my code and then run with some test cases. Then he asked me to mail the code.

Round-4: Data Structure and Problem Solving(1 Hour)
—————————————————
1. Given a sorted and rotated array. Find an element in this array.(Famous Problem)
2. This was an interesting problem. Given a set of intervals like 5-10, 15-20, 25-40, 30-45, 50-100. Find the ith smallest number in these intervals.
Assume there are no duplicate numbers. 
I told him that we would first sort the interval on basis of starting numbers. Then merge overlapping intervals to get a set of non-overlapping intervals like 5-10, 15-20, 25-45, 50-100. Now we can find the ith smallest number after finding the appropriate interval.
FOLLOW UP: He then modified this question to accomodate duplicate numbers also. 
3. Given a dictionary of 50,000 words. Given a phrase without spaces, add spaces to make it a proper sentence.
FOLLOW UP Questions:
      	1) Worst case complexity of finding a word in HASHMAP given we have ‘B’ buckets and total of 50,000 words. ( Ans: O(50,000/B) )
      	2) Complexity of finding a word in TRIE. (Ans: O(Word Length) )
      	3) Advantages of TRIE over HASHMAP and some similar discussions.	
Round-5: Hiring Manager Round(45 mins)
————————————–
He asked me lots of questions regarding my current company projects.
Questions:
      	1. My role in current project.
      	2. Most Challenging work in your company.
      	3. What technologies you learnt last year? and several similar questions.
Round-6: HR Round (10 mins)
—————————
common HR questions like why Flipkart, Why should we hire you etc.

