Nobody could enjoy that moment more than him. He could barely put his feelings in words in achieving that feat. Such was his joy in getting into the biggest Online store in India, Flipkart. For a guy who is very passionate about coding could not end up in a better company than this. In his own words, ‘I felt as if I was at the top of this world’. We at TopTalent.in got a chance to interact with Amit from NIT Kurukshetra about what made this possible and what others can learn from this.
In case you are wondering how the resume of a Flipkart recruit looks like, you can download the resume by logging in.
TopTalent: What job offers did you have apart from Flipkart?
Placement policy of our college doesn’t allow one to sit for the recruitment process of any other company on campus once you get a job in a dream company which Flipkart definitely is. So, currently I don’t have any other offer.
TopTalent: How do you feel on achieving this feat?
No words can help me crystallize the feeling that this job offer brought to me. I felt as if I was at the top of this world .My efforts finally paid off and Yes, the feeling is simply unforgettable.
TopTalent: What is the profile offered to you in Flipkart and Why did you choose this opportunity over others?
Profile offered is SDE­1 (Software Development Engineer).It wasn’t difficult for me to choose this because to me, coding is the passion first, habit next and profession last. Flipkart was looking only for this.
TopTalent: Can you give us a brief account of the whole interview process?
First round was online coding round in which we were supposed to solve 2 coding questions. Second round was machine coding round. In second round we had to design and code one coding question. 50 minutes of time was given for coding which was followed by small interview where interviewer expected the explanation of code. Third round was technical interview which continued for around 40 minutes. In it problems related to data structures and algorithms were discussed. Final round was hiring manager round. It started with some general talk (seemed like some HR interview at the point) but then interviewer shifted to technical aspects and asked some question from tree data structure. After around 30 minutes, this round concluded with interviewer asking me whether I had any query about working in flipkart.
TopTalent: What resources did you refer?
For coding practice:
1. Codechef.com
2. Spoj.com
For studying the data structure and algorithms:
1. Introduction to Algorithms, Thomas H. Cormen
2. Karumanchi
3. Geekforgeeks.org
For Interview process:
1. Careercup.com
2. Cracking the coding interview, Gayle L. Mcdowell.
TopTalent: What’s your advice to students who are aspiring for similar kind of achievement?
Three things are needed to crack technical interview of any software company. Knowledge, Practice and Approach. In my third and fourth round of interview, what I felt was, that both the interviewers were more concerned about my approach than knowledge.
Incase you forgot, you can download the resume by logging in.
