1st round ( machine coding round)
Write down code in any language for a simple employee hierarchy which has 3 types of employees.
1. CEO
2. Manager
3. employee
where an employee can have only 1 mgr, and a mgr has 1+ employees.
We were asked to input employee details(name ,id, salary,rating etc) in any order (employees might be input before his manager), create the hierarchy and implement these functionality:
1. Print hierarchy given any employee/mgr/ceo (used an n-ary tree + hash table)
2. Given a bonus and performance rating of each employee divide it to the lowest level employees(in the hierarchy ) in the ratio of their rating. i.e 100 divided among 2:3 is 40 and 60. and print the bonus of each ( simple recursive solution)
3. Top 10 employees with ratio of bonus:salary (used maxheap)
Write working code, modular, extensible, corner case handling etc. was arnd 1.5 – 2 hrs
2nd round
discussion on your solution of the 1st round, how can you optimize it, then review of the written code
3rd round
Ds and algo
1. snakes and ladders problem
2. median in a stream of integers
3. string searching (KMP / suffix tree was needed : not code just the logic)
4. Given any language , you use libraries , which might  use more lib etc . Find the order of building the libraries (Topological sort)
5. Given a server with a stack with some initial state say 1 Users can modify the stack using regular ops eg push 2 , pop etc and each op causes a version change. i.e          version 1 : 1 , version 2 : 2,1 , version 3 : 3,2,1 , version 4 : 2,
You have to design it s.t person can ask for any version of the stack (keep copies every k times and keep the ops in an nonvolatile memory)
4th round
Design a new kind of an  online poker game
give all entities and relationships in depth
further in depth discussion of how to make it more HA friendly, how to
handle players crashing etc
5th round
HM round
in depth discussion of projects and general questions eg when you disagreed with your mgr etc
Process was crisp and took place from 10am – 5 pm on a weekend in Bangalore

