PROCESS
Test–> Test–> Technical Interview–> Technical Interview.
OWN EXPERIENCE
TEST [ Duration: 90 mins | Questions: 2 ] (ROUND 1)
2 coding questions on Hackerrank platform
Experience
1) A Diamond is present on the nth step. A Boy wants to get it. He can jump either j steps or 1 step at a time. In how many steps will he get the Diamond(Very Easy)
2) This question can be solved either by DP or memoization. (Hard)
Run on IDE
Given above program you have to print the value of one and zero.
** you can solve it directly by recursion but try doing that for 100 (1<=n<=100) the test case will take more than 10 sec ---meaning TIMEOUT

you need to optimize the code so to run it in time.

That's when memoization comes into play.

similar problem
https://www.codechef.com/problems/SUMTRIAN
if u have trouble solving the codechef problem then try editorial or search online how to solve it.
Tips
The programs asked in this round are not lengthy, but takes a lot of time to thing, after that debugging is another issue.
So, choose your language wisely and learn its Standard library
C++ programmers learn how to use STL
Java also has standard library check it out.
practice easy level in hackerrank for few days and later shift to medium and hard
TEST [ Duration: 20+10 mins | Questions: 1 ] (ROUND 2)
1 coding questions on Hackerrank platform
Experience
You are provided with n and m values which denote the rows and columns 
Rajesh starts from top most node(0,0) 
1-He moves towards the point towards his right.
2-if he cannot move one point to the right, he rotates right and then takes the path to the right
3-if after performing 4 rotate operations , if he cannot move then he would stop.
print the number of nodes reached by him
//The above question is written in own words 
sample 1:
3 3 
output : 9
explanation:
rajesh faces -> direction first
the traversal is 
1 2 9
4 3 8 
5 6 7
Tips
If u look at the problem  and test case u feel like it involves a lot of graphs. But you are provided with only 20 minutes, I cant solve it by approaching the problem that way. 
So, I tried few own test cases and the logic is very simple
Don’t look at the problem only one way. Trust your instincts
TECHNICAL INTERVIEW (ROUND 3)
1-Given an array, how do you get the count of pairs that sum to even
2-Given an array, how do you get the count of pairs that sum to odd
3-You are getting requests for room allotment, each request will have the start time and end time of the request. Print the minimum number of room required to support all requests
Experience
For Question 1 and 2, I gave a solution that is of O(N^2)  and O(N).
Try solving it yourself. (just have to explain on paper and they might ask u to write the sample code on paper)
Third question: This problem I felt it tough.
I explained to the interviewer but the implementation of that is very tough.
Finally, He suggested me to use the sorting technique after the meeting is done.
Complexities of the system will be asked for your code
TECHNICAL INTERVIEW (ROUND 4)
1-minValue in stack in O(1)
2-Queue implementation using stacks
Experience
This is basically a DS round. 
I explained the interviewer both the questions nicely with time and space complexities.
Tips
geeksforgeeks.org
previous experiences of others 🙂
All the best 🙂
KEY SKILLS TESTED
Mostly Logical Questions
TIPS TO BUILD YOUR SKILLS
Don’t try to type the very moment you read the question, try to solve it on paper first.
Make your own testcases 
BLOGS/ARTICLES
Notes | HackerEarth
http://https://www.codechef.com/wiki/recursion-sums-triangle (Read this only after trying the problem) 
VIDEOS TO WATCH
DS and sorting are best explained by Robert Sidgewick in Java (coursera)
WEBSITE TO REFER
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org 
GENERAL TIPS/ADVICE
Don’t tell the complexities with out analyzing the problem correctly. 
Learn the Syntax of the language perfectly( we should not focus on the syntax when we are working on problem with  time constraints)

