Recently, GlobalLogic visited our campus for full-time recruitment. There was an online round followed by 1 GD and 3 interview rounds(2 Tech + 1 HR).
Round 1: Online Round
The first round comprised of 40 MCQuizzes questions and 3 programming questions to be solved in 2 hours. MCQs were based on  aptitude, logical, C output questions, OOP questions.
Following are  the coding questions asked :
1.) https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/array-rotation/
2.) Given two numbers a and b and we have to find out Nth number divisible by either a or b. Input will be given in the form of a, b, n.
Input : 2 3 10
Output : 15
3.) Given n, which is the number of strings taken as input. For each input use have to print “YES” or “NO” whether the current string is already present or not.
Output:
I have solved 2 coding questions and have attempted all MCQs (there were no negative marking). After this 21 students were selected for the Group Discussion Round. There is individual cut-offs for both the sections.
Round 2:  Group Discussion Round
The second round was Group Discussion. Students were divided in group of 7 students. We were given the topic “Flexible timing vs Fixed timings”.
After this round, 12 students were shortlisted for 3rd round.
Round 3:  (Technical Interview Round-1)
1.) Why GlobalLogic ?
2.) Given a string, write full code of reversing that string word by word.
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/reverse-words-in-a-given-string/
3.) Write full code of sorting an array which consist of only 3 distinct numbers 3,4 and 5 . Size of array is not known.
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/sort-an-array-of-0s-1s-and-2s/
4.) Given 9 balls out of which 1 ball is defected . You have one weighing machine to weight the balls. You can use  that weighing machine atmost 2 times to weight the balls. How will you find out which ball is defected  ?
5.) Given an task apart from coding , will you be comfortable with it ? (Interviewer asked me this because I have told the interviewer that I like algorithms and coding).
6.) Any questions which you would like to ask from us ?
After this round, 7 students were shortlisted for 4th round.
Round 4: (Technical Interview Round-2)
1.) Tell me about yourself ?
2.) Tell about the software engineering project you have done in your engineering ? Also, Interviewer asked  some questions on my software engineering project. (This I have mentioned in my resume)
3.) Explain Agile Software Development Methodology ? Then some basic discussion on this methodology. ( This also I have mentioned in my resume)
4.) Tell the practical  applications of Linked List, Array and Queue .
5.)  Any questions which you would like to ask from us ?
After this 6 students were shortlisted for 5th round.
Round 5: (HR round)
1.) Why GlobalLogic ?
2.) Why you have taken a drop year and why you decided to go to kota after 10th ?
3.) If you are given a task apart from the work you like, will you be able to do it ?
4.) How do you came to know about GlobalLogic ?
5.) Any questions which you would like to ask from us.
Finally, 4 students were selected. I was lucky enough to be one of them.
Good Luck !!
 
