Online Test
The online contest was held on hackerrank platform. The test was same for all the IITs and was conducted at the exact date and time in all the campuses. There were three sections – CS (5 MCQ and 2 coding questions), Quant (10 MCQs) and ML (10 MCQs) . Each MCQ carried +3 for correct answer and -1 for incorrect answer. The test duration was 2hrs 30 mins with CS and Quant of an hour each and ML of 30 minutes. We could easily switch between the sections and the timer for each section would continue from where we had left off. The ML section wasn’t really ML, it was more of statistics stuff. The strategy should be to sacrifice a section and utilize its time to solve questions from other sections. You need not perform well in all 3 sections. Try to master 2 sections to gain a good score(The interviewers maintain a score secured in each round together with the performance in the online test to select the best candidate for their firm. Hence performance in each round is crucial).
Around 80 students were shortlisted out of 500.
Interview Round 1:
I had performed exceptionally well in the online test. Hence the questions asked in this round were easy. They asked me only two questions:
The interviewers were very smart and wanted to know how each step of the program I had written actually worked.
Interview Round 2:
The interviewer told me that this round would test my logical skills. He started straight with the questions. I had prepared myself for the puzzles but the questions asked in this round didn’t look familiar to me.
The interviewer was really impressed with me after this round.
Interview Round 3:
He straightaway started with the questions:
16 people were hired and I was one of them.
P.S. :  You need to be very attentive and listen to everything very carefully as there lies hints in the way they ask the questions and you need to be smart enough to identify all the hints.
Only 3 among top 10(from online test) were selected, so don’t take anything for granted. Also people who were ranked even as high as 60 in the online test were hired. The myth about GS that only top 30 are given preference was completely shattered.
