Goldman Sachs visited our campus for both full placement(NAPA) and internship. I am going to share my experience for internship.
ROUND 1:
There were in total 41 questions and time was 1 hour. 15 from aptitude and 25 from technical.
aptitude – included data interpretation, basic maths, probability, etc.(tough).
technical – included c and c++ output question, os(schudeling, semaphore), dbms(normal form, etc).
1 essay which topic was “why are you best among all of them?”.
I would suggest to start with technical and then aptitude and at last essay. it will save your time and you can do better.
ROUND 2:
There was G.D in round 2. They divided us in two groups one of 11 people and other of 10 people.
I was in 1st group and my topic was “has technology taken over us or we have taken over technology”.
It was of 15-20 minutes. They will give you 2-3 minutes to think.
You just have to say your points and be active , listen to others carefully. Don’t be arrogant and don’t be aggresive.
15 people got selected for interviews.
ROUND 3:
It was a technical interview round.
They asked me out my research paper, like what’s new in this and how did u get all this. I explained them very well.
Then they ask me one puzzle:-
You have a rod of length 7 and you have to give a part of rod of length of one everyday to a person. so what is the minimum number of cuts you will do , so that you can give him required number of lengths everyday?
Then they asked me some questions related to linux and data structure (graph, etc).
6 people got selected in this round.
By the time my interview completed it was already very late at night.
So they called us next morning.
ROUND 4:
This round was mixed bag of both of HR and Technical questions.
They asked me what is my favorite topic , i told them Data structure and algorithms.
Then they asked me a tree question:
you have been given a tree(not binary tree), and the last level of the tree is doubly linked list(i.e. first node of that level connected to last node and adjacent to it and
similarly for all nodes of that level.). You have to do Dfs.
They also asked questions related to suffix array and tries(which data structure would you use to implement dictionary).
Then they asked some prefix, postfix questions which were followed by puzzles and questions related to data structures.
HR question they asked were “why you have join this college and you really wanted to join this or some other college”, “what is your interest and tell me something about
yourself”.
Tips:-
. Learn basic of c and c++ very well
. Your communication skill should be good.
. Should know all standard algorithms and data structure(including advanced ds also like suffix array, trie, heap etc).
