Following are the details of my interview with Goldman Sachs.
Round 1: Written+Online coding (conducted on hackerrank)
15 MCQs- average and high level aptitude questions (30 minutes)- 60 marks
1 coding question (45 minutes)- Given an adjacency matrix of a directed graph, find the number of cycles in the graph.- 40 marks
Round 2: F2F Technical
1. Thorough discussion on projects and technologies used in implementing those.
2. A design problem on parsing (as one of my projects involved parsing)- Given dependencies of various modules, one per line in a text file, give me an order in which the modules should execute. Design data structures and algorithm for the same. Complete code was not required.
3. Detect and remove loop from a linked list. Gave all possible solutions. A neat and complete code was required.
4. 2 pills puzzle.
5. Why do you want to join Goldman Sachs?
Round 3: F2F Technical+HR
Started with brief introduction of each other.
1. 8 Marbles puzzle.
2. Gold bar puzzle.
3. Difference between an Interface and an Abstract class in Java.
4. Design a three elevator software keeping in mind all possibilities. What all parameters are required? What all will you include?
5. Situational questions.
6. Challenges faced while working in a team.
7. Internship projects and their impact on the company.
8. Why do you want to join Goldman Sachs?
Round 4: Technical
1. What is your strongest language? I said C++.
2. How is Dynamic polymorphism implemented in C++? (Virtual classes and functions- code was asked)
3. Difference between pointers and reference variables?
4. Why do we need reference variables if we have pointers?
5. What are the areas you are interested in? I said Big Data Analytics.
6. Some follow-up questions on Big Data Analysis.
7. Discussion on projects.
8. Why do you want to join Goldman Sachs?
Round 5: Technical
1. What is multithreading? How is it implemented in Java?
2. What is a deadlock? Draw a deadlock scenario for 2 processes holding 2 different resources.
3. If we have a function- bool isDeadlock(Some Data Structure), what Data Structures should it receive as parameters?
4. Given an int and a float of 32 bits each. Which one is greater?
5. What is a future contract? A case study on the same.
6. What is Diamond problem in C++? Explain and give solution. (Virtual base classes)
7. Why do you want to join Goldman Sachs?
Thank you geeksforgeeks for such an awesome practice platform.


