Grofers is an Indian on-demand online grocery delivery service. It was founded in December 2013 and is based in Gurgaon. Grofers is cashing in on the propensity of urban Indians to order everything from groceries to medicine from home. 
Grofers is a mobile and web application that allows consumers to order products online across categories like groceries, fruits & vegetables, beauty & wellness, baby care, electronics & appliances, bakery, meats & seafood, pet care, flowers and home & office needs and get them delivered to their doorstep within a few hours. The mobile applications for both iOS and Android platforms can be downloaded at grofers.com/download. The delivery service is operational in 18 cities: Agra, Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Chandigarh, Chennai, Delhi NCR, Hyderabad, Indore, Jaipur, Kanpur, Kolkata, Lucknow, Ludhiana, Nagpur, Mumbai, Pune, Surat and Vadodara. Know more about Grofers

Grofers, initially shortlist on the basis of resumes then they conduct 4-5 rounds to select freshers as Software Engineer in their organisation.
Academic Criteria :
Online Round :
Online round consists of two major sections namely technical ability test and coding section. To clear this round you must be prepared with Java, Data Structures and algorithms. 
Technical Rounds:
The students who clear the written round are called for Technical Interview. Technical rounds 1 and 2 are generally conducted on Skype and rest are face-to-face rounds. To clear this round you should be clear with your basics. You should be prepared with Data structures and Algorithms, DBMS, Operating System, and OOPs concepts. You could also be expected to explain system architectures/designs such as to build a e-commerce, class design, or parking system design with edge cases. Students will be expected to write codes in the interview. They also ask questions from resume. You may be asked puzzles in this round. To be prepared for puzzles you can practice from our Puzzles section.
HR Round :
You can expected general HR questions like :
1. Tell me about Yourself
2. Why Grofers ?
3. what do u know about Grofers?
4. How you see yourself after five years from now ?
5. What are your strengths and weaknesses ?
6. Questions form resume
7. You can also expect puzzles
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.


