Round 1 : Online Test :-
Given link of mettl to take the test online
Test was based on core java and collections
1. 
When is the B object, created in line 3, eligible for garbage collection?	
A.	after line 5
B.	after line 6
C.	after line 7
D.	There is no way to be absolutely certain.
2.  
Where will be the most chance of the garbage collector being invoked?
A.	After line 9
B.	After line 10
C.	After line 11
D.	Garbage collector never invoked in methodA()
3. 	Suppose that you would like to create an instance of a new Map that has an iteration order that is the same as the iteration order of an existing instance of a Map. Which concrete implementation of the Map interface should be used for the new instance?
A.	TreeMap
B.	HashMap
C.	LinkedHashMap
D.	The answer depends on the implementation of the existing instance.
4. 	Which class does not override the equals() and hashCode() methods, inheriting them directly from class Object?
A.	java.lang.String
B.	java.lang.Double
C.	java.lang.StringBuffer
D.	java.lang.Character
5. 	Which collection class allows you to grow or shrink its size and provides indexed access to its elements, but whose methods are not synchronized?
A.	java.util.HashSet
B.	java.util.LinkedHashSet
C.	java.util.List
D.	java.util.ArrayList
6. 	You need to store elements in a collection that guarantees that no duplicates are stored and all elements can be accessed in natural order. Which interface provides that capability?
A.	java.util.Map
B.	java.util.Set
C.	java.util.List
D.	java.util.Collection
Interview Round 1 (Technical):-
1.    Tell me something about yourself
2.    Given a link list how will you find out Kth to the Nth node in link list.
3.    Given two Strings find out if they are anagram to each other
4.    Some basic questions on collections which to use when.
5.    String libraries like StringUtils, what are the benefits what is the difference between isBlank and IsEmpty
Interview Round 2 (Technical):-
1. Print following Triangle 
2. How to remove duplicate elements from array List. 
3. Given a array list with numbers 1.100 find the 1 number which is missing in O(n) time.
4. Design class for a  Restaurant Menu given Food Type,and price list
5. What do you know design patters? which one you have seen so far ( As  I was having only 1 year experience interview does not emphasise too much on this question. I just gave simple definitions of strategy, decorator and MVC pattern)
6. Suppose there are many threads accessing a critical value and few are updating it , take the example of Airplane seat reservation.
7. How will you handle inconsistency. (He was looking for locks as answer and then discussed different lock types)
Interview Round 3:( Technical-Managerial) –
1.  What kind of work have you done  so far ? ( I told her the name of the website) she opened the website and asked some questions on work done on that website.
2.    Given 9 balls, find defective one in minimum steps using weight scale.
3. Classic 25 horse problem, 25 Horses, Have a 5 horse track,No stopwatch, How many races are required to determine the 3 fastest horses.
Interview Round 4 : HR-executive
1.  Tell me something about yourself
2.    Any challenge or initiative that you taken during school, college or office.
3.    Why do you want to change ?
4.    Why nearbuy ?
5.    Expected CTC ?
Interview Round 5: CTO
1.    Tell me the work that you have done in your 1 year of your experience
2.    What Technology stack  you have used ?
3.    Why looking for a change ?
4.    By what date you can join us ?

