First Round
            The first round was written round which was conducted by Hackerearth.
            1st 5 questions were from aptitude, the 2nd section was from SQL queries, the 3rd section was from os and data structure and final section was 2 coding question.
            1st coding question was very cool number
Run on IDE
            The 2nd coding question was a pattern.

Second Round 
             1st technical round they asked me about my project which I had done using tableau and they said me if I had to do it in SQL how can I visualize data, they said me to do the Er model of the table, then some join query and told me to explain how does it happen
and then gave an instance how can i get information of a family from the table and how can i optimise by adding the new table.
Too many SQL queries.
NOTE: You have to Qualify each round to go to the next round.

Third Round 
            They asked me about my next project which was based on home automation and real-life case scenario where it can be implemented.
            Then questions about the operating system, more SQL, and advanced SQL and finally java questions.
Note:– U must be strong in SQL and os and networking.
 
HR Round 
             Be ready for some math questions and English questions through an android app where u have to cross a score.
             and be ready for technical questions in hr also and questions about family and some case scenarios.
              The hr was very friendly.
              The final results were declared after a month where 3 people were selected out of 5 shortlisted people and i was one of them.
Write data structure in your CV if are really strong in it.
            some questions they asked my friends were
                 1-merge point of a linked list
                 2-balanced parenthesis
                 3- diff between jvm,jre
                 4-bst
                 5-searching a repetead value in a array without sorting .(can use any data structure)
                 6-ted ed puzzle questions 
For cracking this company u need to practice from cracking the coding interview book and start practicing from geeksforgeeks.

