I recently had interviews with IBM INDIA-ISDL, Bangalore. Here is my Interview Experience.
Round 1 IPAT Online Aptitude Test
This online test is timed, with each question allocated its own time limit of 2.15 minutes. About 18 number series questions and 18 aptitude questions were asked.
[ Number series questions were easy. Aptitude was tricky some of them were lengthy too.There was no negative marking ]
Round 2: Written Technical
30 Questions to be answered in 40 minutes.
Questions mainly included
 Predict C program output (about 15 questions )?
 Few questions from C++?
 Few question from Operation systems(Numericals+Conceptual),Networking(Numericals + Conceptual)?
 Two questions on design pattern.?
[ Prepare predict-C-code output questions. Check out OS and networking GATE questions ]
After these two rounds 31 students were shortlisted.
Round 3: Technical face-to-face interview
This round lasted about 45-minutes.
 Firstly I was asked to explain my favourite project?
– Secondly he gave me the problem and asked to write the code on paper.The problem was -“You have infinite number of 1,x,y coins.Now you have to make a sum S with minimum number of coins.So find what are the minimum number of coins required to build up the sum S. For e.g. you are given 1,2,5 infinite number of coins,so to make a sum of 10 minimum 2(5,5) coins are required”.
-Then he jumped into the concepts of Operating System.
. Inter-process Communications
. Threads
. Critical sections
. Virtual Memory
. Synchronisation
Round 4: HR Round
 Tell me something about yourself?
 What all programming languages you know ?
– Will you adjust or feel comfortable if you’ll be given Bangalore as a job-location ?
– What are your short and long term goals ?
 Strengths and weakness ?
 Did you attend Pre-placement talk?
 What is one thing you liked about the pre-placement talk?
Round 5: Final HR Round
 Tell me something about yourself and family background?
– According to you what is success and what is failure.
– Tell me about your biggest failure and how you overcome from it.
– Where do you see yourself after five years from now ?
– Suppose you got the opportunity to switch from Product A to product B with extra incentives(monetary) then what will you    do ?
 What do you know about IBM ?
 Why should we hire you ?
 Did you attend Pre-placement talk ?
