Recently I got interviewed at infoedge for PHP-MYSQL (LAMP) developer profile their naukri .com site.
Round 1
It was a written round:
7 ques, 20 marks in total, 40 mins
Q1. Write a program to find intersection of 2 strings with non-repeating characters.
Q2. Mention the differences between primary key and unique key.
Q3. Write a function which intakes an integer array. Swap the max element and the second
         Lowest element of the array keeping the position of rest of the elements as previous i.e unchanged.
Q4. Puzzle: 9 balls with 1 heavier ball in them and a 2 pan balance is provided, find the minimum number of attempts required to find the heavier ball.
            	Ans: 2  (According to me)
Q5: How many print statements for  f(4,a,b,c) : 
Ans: 31  (According to me)
Q6.  Find Value of f(3,2)
Ans: 9  (According to me)
Q7. Write Sql queries to do following task:
a)      Find all teachers who have courses other than math.
b)      Find all student names who have atleast one subject taken by a lady teacher
Tables such as COURSE, TEACHER, STUDENT etc  were given.
Round 2
Interview with VP-Tech
After introducing himself as Abhishek he began his chain of questions which encompassed
OOPS, RDBMS, DS, ALGO
Q1. Can constructors be private. If yes then how to get an instance of  such a class
            Basically a question about singleton class
Q2. Write a query to fetch all the people with their birthdays today from a table which is as follows:
            NAME | DAY OF BIRTH (INT) |MONTH OF BIRTH (INT)|YEAR OF BIRTH
Ans: Select Name from table T where( DAY_OF_BIRTH=today AND MONTH_OF_BIRTH=this_month)
Q3. What is indexing. How you will index the above  table data.
Q4. Remove extra parenthesis to form the correct equation, write  full working code .
            	Note: Redundant parenthesis are not to be removed only extra ones are to be removed 
Ans .   Javacode:  done in O(n)
Run on IDE
Some other variants of this question which I found online:
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13204483/remove-extra-parenthesis
http://www.careercup.com/question?id=12011927
Q5. Write full working code for pattern
After this round they told me to leave for the day and for next rounds we will let me know you, if I am through this round at a later date.

