Facebook hacker cup is an annual algorithmic programming contest organized by Facebook. Be it students, professionals or experts it attracts numerous programming enthusiasts from all around the globe. Top contenders are eligible for the interview call from Facebook for Software Developer role.

 
What is the process?
Facebook Hacker cup is particularly known for its different environment used for Judging and the variety of problems. It is conducted in many rounds where the difficulty of algorithmic challenges keep on increasing.
Registration Link
What are the prizes?(May vary year to year)
Organized in the month of January Facebook Hacker cup is conducted in 4 series round:
And the 1st person on the leader board bags the title and basks in glory.
Format and Environment
The judging format of Facebook hacker cup is quite different from other annual programming contests like ACM-ICPC or IOI.
How to prepare?
Facebook Hacker cup is particularly famous for its innovative and mind tickling algorithmic challenges. Inclined more towards mathematics and combination of various concepts hacker cups tests knowledge, implementation, accuracy, speed, conceptuality and almost everything by its different rounds.
You need to be fast in order to survive further rounds and innovative to survive the initial long timed rounds.
These are the main topics which should be done thoroughly as problems are generally asked from more than 1 topics combined.
Number Theory
 Greedy Algorithms
Binary search
Data Structures
Extensive list of Data structures
Graph Algorithms
All Graph Algorithms
String Algorithms
Learning library functions for String actually proves very helpful (C++ : See this and this, String in Java).
Dynamic programming
Dynamic programming is quite important and can be infused and asked with various other topics. Some different types of DP concepts are :
Classic DP
All DP Algorithms
Computational geometry
All in all Facebook Hacker cup is a very challenging contest and a person needs gigantic amount of training and perseverance and all the standard topics need to be etched and understood.
Practice is the only way to do so!
Extra Points:
