Dell is an American multinational computer technology company based in Round Rock, Texas, United States, that develops, sells, repairs, and supports computers and related products and services. Eponymously named after its founder, Michael Dell, the company is one of the largest technological corporations in the world, employing more than 103, 300 people worldwide 
Dell sells personal computers (PCs), servers, data storage devices, network switches, software, computer peripherals, HDTVs, cameras, printers, MP3 players, and electronics built by other manufacturers. The company is well known for its innovations in supply chain management and electronic commerce, particularly its direct-sales model and its “build-to-order” or “configure to order” approach to manufacturing—delivering individual PCs configured to customer specifications (Source : Wikipedia).
In 2017, Dell was ranked #47 in Fortune 500, and #47 in Most Regarded Companies list, #54 in World’s Best Employers list, #219 in America’s Top Public Companies list bby Forbes’ in 2017. Dell was listed at number 51 in the Fortune 500 list, until 2014. In 2015, it was the third largest PC vendor in the world after Lenovo and HP. Dell is currently the #1 shipper of PC monitors in the world. Dell is the sixth largest company in Texas by total revenue, according to Fortune magazine. It is the second largest non-oil company in Texas – behind AT&T – and the largest company in the Greater Austin area. . Know more about Dell

Dell conducts 3-4 rounds to select freshers as  Software Engineer in their organisation.
Academic Criteria :
Written Round :
The Written round consists of three major sections namely General Aptitude, Verbal Ability and Programming section. General Aptitude Test, has mathematical reasoning and logical reasoning questions. Programming section contains questions from C/C++, Networks, Operating System, DBMS, Software Engineering.
Technical Round and HR Round :
The students who clear the written round are called for Technical Interview. To clear this round you should be clear with your basics. You should be prepared with Data structures and Algorithms, DBMS, Operating System, Networking, OOPs concepts. Students from branches other than CS should prepare for other two subjects related to their branch. CS students will be expected to write codes in the interview. You can expect discussion on projects mentioned in resume and questions related to them. You may be asked puzzles in this round. To be prepared for puzzles you can practice from our Puzzles section.
TIPS :
1) The interview will be easy, just be confident.
2) Follow the Pre Placement Talk, some questions in HR can be from them.
3) Don’t mention that you don’t know.
HR Round :
You can expect general HR questions like :
1. Tell me about Yourself
2. Why Dell ?
3. How you see yourself after five years from now ?
4. What are your strengths and weaknesses ?
5. Questions form resume
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.



