JP Morgan visited our campus for FT and interns on 1st September. I sat for intern and I would like to share my interview experience which might help other students in getting an internship in JP Morgan.
Around 100 students from CSE, MCA, ECE, EEE sat for interns and the process consisted of 3 rounds.
Round 1 was an online test on HackerRank Platform and the duration of the test was 90 min. The test had 12 questions out of which 10 were aptitude and 2 were coding questions. One of the coding questions was 0-1 knapsack.Overall the test was easy.
46 students were shortlisted for the next round. Round 2 was a technical interview and the students who did well in the TI were promoted to HR round immediately.
My TI questions were easy but it was difficult as the interviewer was not listening to my explanation. After greeting him, I handed over my resume and he didn’t check it and asked me my favorite subject and I replied OS. He was shocked and said you don’t know DS or Algos. I said I know them but OS is my favorite one. He asked me to write the code to check for a full binary tree and I wrote a simple code with recursion and it was passing through all the test cases and he didn’t  understand and was giving me different test cases. I had to explain him the flow of code thoroughly using a simple example. later he asked me about semaphore, process, and threads and I answered them perfectly.
I was called to the HR round. HR wasn’t in a good mood and I had a tough time there too. She asked me to introduce myself and then asked why should we hire you, my weaknesses and how would I rectify them. I was asked to give few instances to prove myself as a good learner. I used some good vocabulary and proper examples during the interview and the HR was convinced with it. Lastly, she asked me if I had any questions and I said nothing. She said me not to hesitate and I asked her will the company intimate me about the project and the technologies beforehand so that I could prepare and come for the intern. She
said me to be open-minded and the mentors will help you with the project.
Finally, 13 students were selected for the internship and I was one among them.
