JPMC visited our campus , hiring for Technology Analyst Program 2018. It consists of 4 rounds – Coding+Aptitude , 1st TR , 2nd TR and HR
Round 1:
It consists of  2 coding  +  10 aptitude questions , it is a  shortlisting round .
Aptitude questions are of medium difficulty
Coding question 1 – https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/josephus-problem-set-1-a-on-solution/
Coding question 2 –https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-next-greater-number-set-digits/
17 members  shortlisted for further rounds.
Round 2:
First Technical Round :  (F2F – 45 min)
I had a discussion with the interviewer on the projects in the resume . Then he asked some questions related to project for about 30 min. Interviewer gave serious looks throughout the discussion and I thought he wasn’t impressed with my performance but I didn’t lose my confidence and kept on answering all his doubts regarding my projects .
Finally after a long discussion , Interviewer asked me to draw array , linked list and double linked list . And I was like smiling , he asked me to draw on a paper. After that he asked me to leave saying ‘thanks for your time’. I asked him to ask me some technical questions and I was very good with DS, Algo and Networks .He  was like ‘No need, I tested you enough ! You can leave’.
And in 5 min, I was called for second round .
Remember , Be patient and confident throughout the interview process and importantly be thorough with your resume and don’t fake it .
Round 3:
Second Technical Interview : (F2F – 1 hour)
In this round , panel consists of 2 interviewers and they were friendly . Interview started with some behavioral questions and they were satisfied with my answers . I told that Computer Networks was my favorite subject , so they asked to present what all I know about networks . And they were totally impressed with my knowledge in Networks.And no more technical questions , rest of the interview .
Round 4:
HR Round : (F2F – 45 min)
HR was friendly and asked all routine HR questions . And she gave some situations and asked me to deal with those.
And four students were selected and I was one of them.
