Round 1:
Two programming questions, one of 40 marks and the other of 60 marks on Hackerrank-
Out of approx. 100+ candidates, 31 were shortlisted for interviews.
Round 2: (Technical Round-1)
The interviewer glanced through my resume and asked me about my previous summer internship project.
He started asking about how web-app works, how are things fetched from server from backend ?, basic architecture diagram of client, server and database.
Then he asked me how much I was comfortable with Java. I answered that I was comfortable with web-point of view.
Given a text-file containing account number, transaction nature(debit/credit) and amount, which is already validated, how will I use this file to update database for changes in amount of each account.
I suggested to avoid going and coming back to database again and again, that is first of all compute everything then make changes/updates in database. Also, parallelism will help calculating things faster and doing them efficiently. I was asked more about multithreading and synchronisation in Java and to relate the concepts here.
Also he discussed about various sorting algorithms.
The interviewer was very helpful and gave hints appropriately.
In the end he asked – in an internship what scene/behaviour can make you feel disappointed during/after the internship ?
Round 3:(Technical Round-2)
Again I was asked about my summer internship project first, then about OOPs-
They asked me the programming language I was most comfortable with.
I answered C language because I had implemented all data structures and algorithms in C.
They asked me to write a code for file-handling in C and a few question(s) about C language.
A few more questions and I was done with this round.
Again the interviewers were kind.
HR Round:
HR questions-
Why JP Morgan ?
Why did not you join any start-up if you want to make an impact on a large amount of clients ?(Que based on my previous answer)
and a few more like fields of interests etc.
 
Thanks to all my professors and geeksforgeeks for this rich experience.
This article is contributed by Abdul Sattar Mapara
