KLA Tencor came for Full Time recruitment for Associate Software Engineer in our campus.
Round 1
Online test on HackerRank contains 20 MCQ (DS, C++, Aptitude, Puzzle) and 3Coding Questions
1. Find the longest length Palindromic substring in the given string.
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/longest-palindromic-substring-set-2/
2. Find the strings in the list of string which does not have an anagram.
3. Find the word in the given 2D grid, horizontally, vertically and diagonally (Top Left to Bottom Right & Top Right to Bottom Left) and print starting position of word in the grid with direction.
Those who solved 1 coding question complete or 2 partially are selected for next round.
(I Solved 2 Complete and 1 Partially)
22 Were Shortlisted for Next round
Round 2
Face To Face Interview on MCQ Discussion (30 Min)
They have marked certain questions in our MCQ paper and asked about our approach for those answers. (Same MCQ for all)
• Discussion on Recursion, Stack
• Memory Allocation of Variables
• Circular Queue Full and Empty Condition
• Reference Variables
• Zeros in a factorial
11 Were Shortlisted for Next round
Round 3
Face To Face Interview on Programming Questions Explain on Paper (45 Min)
The interview contains 3 questions (Same Questions for All, but those who given satisfactory answers of 2, were asked 3)
• Given a Linked List of characters, find weather it is palindrome or not.
• Find the Clone of a linked list with random or arbitrary pointer.
• Find the top 10 words on basis of occurrences in a notepad file at any point.
Note – Optimized Algorithm is required, not simple recursion solution.
9 Were shortlisted for Next Round
Round 4
Face To Face Interview on Design and OOPS (70 Min)
The interview contains designing questions (Same Questions for All, but if solved early asked more questions)
Any Questions? (I asked about the type of work I will be doing in the company)
4 Were shortlisted for Next Round
Round 5
Face To Face Interview on OS + Networks + HR (45 Min)
The interview contains a questions that there are two process P1 and P2, P1 having threads T1, T2, T3 and P2 having threads T4, T5, T6, and there is only one memory of 1GB shared between the two processes. How do you form a full duplex network (Both side data exchange) and no blocking.
Round 6
Telephonic HR (15 Min)
The call was from head HR and she asked basic questions
2 were selected for Full Time offer, I was one of them.
I prepared mostly from GeeksforGeeks and I want to say thanks to the content writers of Geeks for providing the best solutions. This is one of the best sites.
Note –
• Study Interview Experiences of the company so that you will get familiar with the type of questions that will come in the rounds.
• Also try to explain every question with example before coding it in interviews.
• Ask questions at the end of your interview to the interviewers.
• Do not mug up things, try to visualize them.
 
