Round 1:
There were 2 sections. First one is an aptitude section which must be completed in 30 minutes. The second section is a coding round with 2 coding questions, a faulty compiler(which didn’t work) and must be completed in 30 minutes as well. One of the questions is:
“Given a sum S find the smallest 5 digit number whose sum of digits is S. If such a number does not exist print impossible.”
Aptitude questions were of range easy-medium. Around 27 students got shortlisted for the next round.
Round 2:
This round was a skype round and the interviewer asked questions like:
1)Tell me about yourself.
2)Questions related to OOPS concepts like What is abstraction? Real life example for abstraction? Polymorphism and real-life example of Polymorphism, etc..
3)A question like “What will you do to get money from ATM?”.
I don’t even know why she asked this question¯\_(-_-)_/¯
4)https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/program-chocolate-wrapper-puzzle/
5)Questions related to projects mentioned in CV.
6)Any questions for me?
Round 3:
This was a skype round as well. Questions asked were:
1)Questions on things mentioned in CV. I mentioned JavaScript, so he asked things like how will you change inner HTML using JS, selecting a specific class using JS, etc..
2)Difference between CSS and CSS3, HTML and HTML5.
3)Puzzle: Arrange 4 coins such that all of them are in contact with each other.
4)Pair coding on checking if a number is Prime or not. Asked me if there can be any improvement in my approach.
5)Asked me if I know joins in MySql, and some questions on the same like “What is the difference between inner and outer join?”.
6)Asked me if I know Stored Procedures.(For which I said “absolutely not” :P).
7)Any questions for me?
Some questions which were asked to my friends:
Around 4 people got selected at the end(including me). So basically, the questions were of level easy-medium. Be good with basics and things mentioned in your CV. That will be sufficient to crack the interview.
All the best folks!!
