There were a total of 3 rounds. 1st was online coding, 2nd was written coding and last round was divided in three parts, basically 3 Technical Interviews.
Round 1:
Online test on CoCubes contains 3 Coding Questions (Only Function to complete). Total time given was 75 minutes.
                    10

                 /      \

              8           13

           /            /     \

         2           11        15

       minValue= 3   maxValue= 13

Output :
                   10

                 /    \

                8      13

                      /

                    11


The online round was easy as they were looking whether the basic concepts of students are clear or not. A total of 109 students sat for the online rounds out of which 31 qualified for the next round.
Round 2: 
Written Test had 2 questions and total time given was 45 minutes.
Write a lot of comments to make your program more and more readable. Make sure your work is neat and try to write the code that is most optimized and uses least space. But if optimized code doesn’t strike you write the logic you can think of. After this round 14 students were selected for the 3rd round.
Round 3:
This round is divided into 3 Technical Interviews. 
Technical Interview 1: 
When I got my first question from OOPs, I told the truth to the interviewer that I have not yet studied OOPs and requested him to ask questions from Data Structures. At the end he asked me if I had any questions for him, so I asked him to review  me as a candidate for their company and which concepts I need to learn and improve. Apart from these questions we had a conversation about my college and what advice he would like to give to all the students aspiring for a technical job in any MNC( not necessarily Microsoft only).
Technical Interview 2:
Technical Interview 3:
In this  round, the interviewer went through my whole CV thoroughly and asked me about my hobbies of which debating was the most  highlighted one. So he had a pseudo debate cum discussion with me on the role of a good speaker.
After that we played a word guessing game, I don’t remember the name of the game. He basically explained the game to me and told me about all the rules. After playing the game he told me to write the code for the game and that it will be my last question for the day. I wrote the code in 4-5 minutes. He seemed satisfied with the code and wished me Best of Luck!
This was the end of Selection Process and approximately 10 minutes after I was told that I am selected 😀
It was my first interview experience and I got selected! The 10 hour long process ended giving me the best opportunity of my life.
This article is contributed by Swati Bararia.
 
