Hi everyone, I would like to share my experiance with MicroSoft, as i have been the lucky hire.
Date: 27th August 2012
No. of Rounds: 2 Written(online) + 4 rounds of PI( all Algo/Technical )
Type of Interview: Campus Interview for freshers

Written (online)
Objective(60 minutes) + Subjective(60 minutes)
Objective: Apptitude + Reasoning( 30 questions ) and technical( 20 questions, C/C++ programs, flow chart, identify correct function ) 
Subjective: 3 coding question( No in-build compiler in Web-Browser, simply you have to write your working code as a function/functions )
1) A number is given say n, find the minimum number which is greater than n and has same no. of set bits in it.
2) Binary search tree to Doubly linked list conversion( prefer in-place conversion )
3) Find the second maximum no. in an array

Personal Interviews (4 rounds)
Round 1: ( 40-50 mins )
1) Details about the project that i have listed in my resume, asked various question related to those projects.
2) details about q1 and q2 which is asked in the Subjective round, how you solve the problem and ask to write the same code I have written in Test and explain it.
3) question from OS:
….i) You have 10 GB of RAM, and you load multiples instances of a program of size 1 GB( let’s say more than 10 instances), then what will happen, how the OS handle this situation and up to what extends?
….ii) producer – consumer problem
Round 2: ( 20-30 mins )
1) You have given a number N, print all balanced parenthesis expression which can be generate using N pairs of open and close braces. For ex. for N=3, ((())),()()(),()(()),(())()
First i gave him a brute force solution(generate all possible combination and check for valid expression),then he ask me for optimized code and I was able to do it after little mess-up.also ask for complexity of my code.
2) You have given a adjacency matrix of a graph, find the number of connected component set of the graph.
Round 3: ( 35-45 mins )
1) A string str and two character a and b are given to a function, find out the minimum distance between these two given characters in the str. first I gave him a bruce force solution( O(n^2) ) then he ask to optimize it ( O(n) ) and finally somehow i was able to do it.
2) You have n processes and m available resources, explain each step of OS in the execution of those process along with which data structure will be suitable at a condition, which scheduling algorithm will suit best, also in case of preepmtive scheduling, waiting queue etc.. its take a long time to explain him. but finally he is satisfied with my answers.
3) Write a modified strcmp function which ignores cases and returns -1 if s1 < s2, 0 if s1 = s2, else returns 1.

4) iterative inorder traversal.
Round 4: ( 40-45 mins )
1) Give a schema for college student database management( tables, attributes and relationships ), ask me to normlize it up to 3NF.
2) Some queries based upon schema:
Find the maximum score of each student in his/her last semestes math subject.(it also be possible that some student got year back and not promoted, handle all the cases).
I tried it hard, gave him 2-3 wrong answers, but not able to do it(as i’m not very good in DBMS).. but he was satisfied with given schema.
3) He ask me about favorite programming language, and why I like that language..
4) You have given a range in Integer(a to b), find all the prime number between a and b.
…..i) first i gave him the simple solution(check every no. whether it is prime or not).
…..ii) then he asked about Sieve and to implement it, and which on is better( first approach or seive)
5) what is most challenging moment in your B.Tech life. ?
6) Why do you want to join MicroSoft.?
7) Some question on my hobbies.
8) do you have any question for me.?
i asked 2-3 questions related to job profile(SDE/SDET) that they are offering,current projects and areas.
Finally…end of PIs and After 10-15 minutes, To my great relief, this time I was hired… 🙂

