Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational technology company with headquarters in Redmond, Washington. It develops, manufactures, licenses supports and sells computer software, consumer electronics, personal computers, and services. Its best-known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems, the Microsoft Office suite, and the Internet Explorer and Edge web browsers.
Microsoft was founded by Paul Allen and Bill Gates on April 4, 1975, and rose to dominate the personal computer operating system market with MS-DOS in the mid-1980s, followed by Microsoft Windows. Since 1990,  the company made a number of corporate acquisitions, their largest being the acquisition of LinkedIn for $26.2 billion in December 2016, followed by their acquisition of Skype Technologies for $8.5 billion in May 2011.
Satya Nadella took over as CEO in 2014 and henceforth the company has scaled back on hardware after losing market in the domain of mobiles and has instead focused on cloud computing, a move that helped the company’s shares reach its highest value since December 1999. As of 2016, it is the world’s largest software maker by revenue, and one of the world’s most valuable companies.
“…what is going to drive the country forward is the ingenuity of the people of India and how technology can be an enabler. We are fully committed to bringing the best technology to help in that process.”
Satya Nadella, CEO, Microsoft

Recruitment Process:
Microsoft conducts 4 to 5 rounds to select the freshers as SDE in their organisation:
Online Round:
The CoCube or the online coding round consists of 5 to six competitive coding questions with a time limit running between 1 hour to 1 hour 30 minutes. The questions level varies consisting of questions from domains of Arrays, String, Single Linked List, Double Linked List etc.
Onsite Round:
The group fly round or the onsite round consists of a written coding contest. Questions are provided and time span of 10 to 15 minutes are given to solve it and another 20 minutes are provided to explain the approach to the mentor, under whose supervision one is assigned to do the task. One should be well versed with the domains of competitive coding, data structure and algorithms to clear the round. Few problems asked are:
Technical Rounds:
These consist of face to face rounds with the interviewer and to pass through these round one should have good knowledge regarding the facts mentioned in the CV. The questions are generally asked from the projects, internships or training mentioned in the CV. Following this one should be well known with the course related subjects like Data Structure, Algorithms, Operating System, Networking, Database Management etc. So, basically, the interview tests whether everything mentioned in the CV is full proof and the interviewee is having in-depth knowledge regarding the subjects dealt during the course of engineering. Students can also be expected to write codes in the interview. The final technical round consists of System Designing where questions from various domains can be asked like Cloud COmputing, Microsoft Azure, Dropbox and various Microsoft technology driven engines.
Technical-cum HR Round:
This round deals less with the technical questions but more with the HR questions like:
Questions asked in Microsoft:
Few Interview Experiences:
Where To Apply:
Apply at Microsoft
