Microsoft came on our campus on 5th August 2017.
Round 1: It was an online coding round in which 3 questions were asked. People with 7+ CGPA were allowed to sit. More than 250+ students participated in this round. The three questions asked in my test were ( every student got different questions):
It was a 75 minutes coding round and I solved all the three questions in 17 minutes. Only disadvantage or consider that as a challenge that Microsoft takes the 1st round on cocubes where when you submit a question, you get to see only 2 test cases. So you have to take care of time complexity here. If you write a code which has bad complexity then it might run for those 2 test cases but may not run for other hidden test cases. So, be careful.
Round 2:  Around 50 students got shortlisted and I was one of them for the second round. Microsoft then came on campus on 4th November 2017. It was a group fly round in which 5-6 students are given a mentor and all the students are given 2 questions. We need to solve them on paper pen within 45 minutes. Here, you were asked to write an optimal code, explain the code and write its test cases. Keep on talking with the mentor and try to discuss your approach with them.  Our questions were:
Question was :[ [9, 9 , 4]
[ 8, 1, 8]
[ 5, 4, 9]]
So the answer should be 4.  Longest path is 4->5->8->9.
Round 3:
After 1 hour, results were announced and I was selected. Approx 25 students were selected for interview and after getting selected my interview got started in just 5 minutes.
My interviewer was my mentor during my group fly round. She was a very calm and cool interviewer. She started the interview by asking me to introduce me, then I told her about my Machine Learning Projects.
Round 4: Just after 5 minutes, I got called for the second interview. The interviewer was a 45-50 old experience guy.
After 5 mintues, the Microsoft co-ordinator called me and told me that i have been given offer to Microsoft IDC, hyderabad and i was really speechless at that moment :’). Best moment of my life. I just want to give advice to you all that keep practicing coding on GFG (i did GFG very sincerly from 2 months before interview) and now will be going to hyderabad next year. Thank you GFG 🙂
