Microsoft visited NIT Jalandhar on 6th August, 2018 for hiring. approximately 250 students were eligible for 1st round.
Round 1: (coding round) (75 MINUTES)It was conducted on cocubes platform. there were different sets of questions and every set had three questions. I got following questions:
I was able to solve two questions and I was selected for next round. 70 students were selected for next round.
Round 2:(Group fly)  (30 MINUTES)This round was pen and paper round.All students were given a question and we need to write algorithm as well as code on paper. write neat code and properly explain your algorithm. question is given below:
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/perfect-sum-problem-print-subsets-given-sum/
25 students were selected for next round.
Round 3:(technical interview) Interviewer first asked me to explain my projects. One of my projects was on jdbc so he asked me a query on sql related to it. Explain your projects properly and confidently. Then he asked me below question:
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/print-a-pattern-without-using-any-loop/
I answered this question and wrote the code. Then he asked me to develop test cases for this questions. I found out the cases where a solution to this question may fail. Then he asked me questions on OOPS concepts (inheritance, difference between class and  objects, etc)
I was shortlisted for the next round.
Round 4:(technical interview) Interviewer asked me for brief description of my projects. Then he asked me to tell the approach which i used in group fly round. I had used Dynamic programming. Then he asked me to find more optimized way as dp was using a lot of space for a large amount of numbers. So I tried recursion and he said it will use lot of time. so I tried sorting and some more approaches like trees etc.
Then he asked me a question that there are aeroplanes landing and taking off. we need to construct a system which will ensure collision-free landings and taking offs. I told an approach using semaphores. He discussed this approach in depth and then said that in aviation what will be the factors considered for collision then I said that we will check speed, angles, etc. He was checking how much pressure I can handle and in such pressure how much I can think. Then he asked me about normalisation, denormalisation, OOPS concepts like real-life significance of objects, what is the real life example of linked list.
I was shortlisted for the next round.
Round 5(HR+technical) Interviwer asked me the following questions:
8 students were selected for Microsoft and I was one of them. Geeksforgeeks helped me a lot to achieve this.
