Aptitude Test(90 mins, on Hackerrank)
7 aptitude questions based on Math and Logic<
7 Technical Subject Questions on Data Structures, 1 from OS(Few of them that I
remember)
2 Coding questions
1.String Manipulation
Given two Strings A and B of same length. You can replace any substring of A(i,j) with
substring of B(i,j).(Here note that substring from A and substring from B should have that same
start index and end index).find count of unique strings can be possible.answer might be
large.print answer%1000000007. 
Explanation : No matter what substring you replace,only one unique string is formed 

Explanation
: 8 different strings are possible…{abc , xyz , ayz , xbc , ayc , xbz , abz ,
xyc}
2. Matrix Problem
Given a square matrix A[][] of size N*N.Each element A[i][j] of matrix is red color or blue color.
Red ->1
Blue ->0
You are also given a number k.Find the side of largest square submatix having atmost k
red cells.
Explanation : Submatrix having top left corner (1,1) and bottom right corner (2,2) is the largest square submatrix having atmost 2( i.e k) red cells.
Onsite Interview
Round 1(Tech) :
1.Difference between abstract and interface?
2.“Animal” should be abstract class or interface?
3.Why java developers thought to introduce interface?
4.Few deep thinking questions on same abstract vs interface topic.
5.Polymorphic Reference in Java.
1.Write recursive code for checking string palindrome or not.
2.Using stack and queue together,check if string is palindrome or not.
3.Given an array and a sum,find if there is any pair in array having sum equal to given
sum.(I used hashmap,so few questions about hashmap complexity)
4.Given an array and a sum,find if there is any triplet in array having sum equal to given
sum.
1.You want to run an animation and movie in your TV at the same time,how will you
schedule it?(Asked about using different scheduling algos)
2.Find tuple having third most highest salary in table.
Round 2(Group Activity)
10 candidates were selected from round 1,in this round we were given lego blocks.They told us
to work in a team and using that lego blocks build something(we made a solar panel house) in
30 mins.After that,there was a 5 min presentation about the product that we just built.We have
to impress investors to invest in our product.
Also write features of your product.Design Logo and name of your company.
Round 3(Tech – System Design)
Design a ticket booking portal for airplanes.You have apis of various airlines like JET
Airways,Indigo to get all the plane details.A user will come to your portal to book tickets.Using
apis,confirm availability of tickets from various airlines and book the tickets selected by users.
Design database structure,class diagrams,flow of system.
Round 4(HR)
1.About internship
2.Experience of working in groups
3.Coding experience
4.Who is your idol and why?
5.Why Morgan Stanley?
There was a re-interview of round 3
Design UBER.(database structure,OOP Model)
Some basics of compile time polymorphism.
Tips to follow :
Three years before
Two years before
One year before
Few minutes before
Think of all the days and nights that you spent preparing for this interview!

