Written Test:
10 Aptitude
30 Programming
10 CS Fundamentals
There’s negative marking, plus there’s sectional cutoff, so you have to be very careful, and risky at the same time.
Written Test 2:
Programming round, 4 questions in 45 minutes
1. Get an array B such that B[i] has the product of all numbers of A except A[i]
The solution is simple using left and right array
2. Spiral level order traversal
3. Longest Common Substring
4. Add two linked lists
22 people were shortlisted out of 97.
Technical Interview 1 :
The interviewer discussed the codes I wrote.
And some additional questions like queue using two stacks , complexity of BFS, worst case complexity of quick sort and when does the worst case occur.
One SQL query.
Out of 22, 10 were shortlisted.
After this, there was no elimination till the end.
Group Activity :
This can be the make or break round, as Morgan Stanley is all about personality and communication skills. In my case, we were divided into two groups of 5 and were given 10 11 pictures and were asked to link them and create a story. Your creativity matters here. Advice : Don’t stay quiet, but talk sensibly.
Technical Interview 2:
1. Design a online e-commerce website like Amazon, Flipkart.
This question requires attention to detail.
2. Given an expression 5*3+10/2 , write a function to evaluate the expression. My solution was to make a tree and traverse in postorder.
Technical + HR :
The guy was the seniormost among the 8 recruiters.
He talked about my projects, what difficulties I faced, what can I improve more.
One question was..I was given data about students who had taken some subjects.
I had to make a data structure such that if I query for no of students in a subject or no of subjects a student has taken, the complexity should be less.
Rest was HR.
Finally, after 3 hours of discussion between the recruiters, I was selected 🙂
A big thanks to GeeksforGeeks. This had been my bible for the summer.
One advice: Please don’t mug up the questions from this website. Solve them on your own. It’s the problem solving ability which is being tested, not your memory.

