nearbuy.com (formerly Groupon India) is a hyper-local eCommerce company based out of India. As a business, it allows customers to discover, buy and save on merchants nearest to them (thus the name, near-buy). nearbuy.com operates in all categories of stepping-out for the customer, comprising Food & Beverage, Beauty & Wellness, Movies & Events, Things to do (Amusement parks etc), Hotels, Local Shopping (Organized retail). nearbuy.com has Ankur Warikoo as the Cofounder & CEO, along with 2 other founders Snehesh Mitra and Ravi Shankar L.
In 2014, Ankur Warikoo was listed in Fortune India’s 40 Under 40 list along with Asia Pacific Entrepreneurship Award – Most Promising Category. In 2013, Sachin Kapur, CMO was listed in 50 Most Talented CMOs of India along with Digital Marketer of the Year. Know more about Nearbuy

Nearbuy conducts 6-7 rounds to select freshers as Software Engineer in their organisation.
Academic Criteria :
Written Round :
The Written round is a programming round. This wound is generally conducted on HackerRank. To clear this round you must be well prepared with data structres and algorithms (string, array, tree, graphs, stack, linkedlist). 
Technical Rounds :
The students who clear the written round are called for Technical Interview. Some of the technical rounds may be conducted in skype. IN skype round, they may ask to write and run the code in ide. To clear this round you should be clear with your basics. You should be prepared with Data structures and Algorithms and Java. You should be well prepared with system design problems. Students will be expected to write codes in the interview. They also ask questions from resume. They frequently ask questions about your previous projects. You may be asked puzzles in this round. To be prepared for puzzles you can practice from our Puzzles section.
Tips
1. Understand the question completely and thoroughly
2. Try to be as interactive with interviewers as possible.
3. Be clear how you will proceed before you start writing your code.
4. Check your code for errors and bugs before you present it to the interviewer, its never a good idea
   to present a code with errors & bugs because they will always find the smallest bugs in your code.
5. Before you start writing code, tell them what are all the possible solutions and which one you are
   choosing and why.
6. Questions are mainly based on data structures and problem solving ability.
7. Don’t mention that you don’t know.
HR Round :
You can expect general HR questions like :
1. Tell me something about yourself
2. Any challenge or initiative that you taken during school, college or office.
3. Why do you want to change ?
4. Why nearbuy ?
5. Expected CTC ?
CTO Round :
1. Tell me the work that you have done in your 1 year of your experience
2. What Technology stack you have used ?
3. Why looking for a change ?
4. By what date you can join us ?
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.
