MakeMyTrip recently visited our campus.Below is my interview experience:
Round 1: (Online MCQs)
Section A- There were 20 Aptitude and Logical Reasoning questions which has to be done in 30 minutes.
Section B- Basic C , C++ and Java questions. Moreover there were four coding questions for  which you have to write the pseudo code or algorithm. Questions were like finding loop in linked list , finding first non repeating character or remove duplicates etc.  

Round 2: (Online Coding)
There were 3 question.
1. Find minimum cost path in a Matrix  i.e. return the minimum cost path to reach (m, n) from (0, 0). Each cell of the matrix represents a cost to traverse through that cell. It was based on DP.
2.  Simple question based on logic.
3. Based on hashing or you can use map in C++. You have given two sentence A and B. Find the length of smallest substring in A that contains all characters of B.

Round 3: (Interview-1)
It consists of general discussion on the programs given in coding round. Then they asked some set of questions based on Database,Projects,Algorithms. Questions were like
1. Merging two linked list . They asked me to write code on paper for merging both sorted and unsorted linked list.
2.Add two numbers recursively. I was asked to write the whole code.
3.Factorial of large number only concept. Then asked one puzzle and one or two questions from my project.
Round 4: (Interview-2)
Basically in this round interviewer was checking more of your approach and out of box thinking. 
1. Which data structures will you prefer to make a new language. After that a long discussion took place.
2. Find the frequency of each word for a given set of huge data.
3. External Sorting concept.
Final was to explain Segment tree and its complexity which  was asked from my project. Then general discussion on BST and he asked complexity of AVL and RB tree.    
HR Round:
It was a simple HR round. Just be yourself. Moreover he asked about my Research work and my interests.
Just prepare from geeksforgeeks it will be sufficient.

