Earlier this week, Wipro visited our campus for their 2018 Elite Freshers Recruitment Drive.
Round 1: Screening Test Conducted on AMCAT Platform

AMCAT is an adaptive test, meaning you are not allowed to navigate between sections or questions and the next questions you get are based on how well and how quickly you answer the previous ones. The final score is generated by their platform on a scale of 900 for each section and sent to Wipro, who then decide a cutoff based on their policy. Cutoffs are not revealed. The sections were:
The top 10% of the candidates who appeared for the test were selected for the next round.
Round 2: Technical Interview

15-20 minute 1:1 interviews were held for all selected candidates. Basic questions came from Algorithms and DBMS subjects, and Java, C++, Python based on what skills were mentioned in the CV. Sometimes code snippets were asked, but if you were uncomfortable, explaining the concept in writing or verbally worked fine too. Questions also came regarding the internships, projects, publications, achievements, and hobbies mentioned. The interviewers were very friendly and conducted it as a conversation more than an interview. This was an elimination round but only candidates who were very weak and unable to answer even after multiple attempts were eliminated.
Round 3: HR Interview

This 5-10 minute 1:1 interview was the final step. Some candidates had this interview in person, while others had to face a telephonic interview. We were asked if we had any gaps in education, year lags, or active backlogs, and also whether we were comfortable with relocation and the service agreement. In addition, the interviewer would name a few modern technologies like Big Data, Machine Learning, Blockchain etc and ask for a brief description to see if the candidate was conversant with them. They were open to questions about the company and its policies as well.
About 85% of the candidates who were selected for the interviews got job offers at the end of the process.
