About the company 

Oracle a multinational computer technology specializes primarily in developing and marketing database software and technology, cloud engineered system. The company also build tools for database development ERP software, CRM software and Supply Chain Management software. The company was founded in 1977, headquartered Redwood Shores, California.
Oracle was the second-largest software maker by revenue in 2015 after Microsoft.Also in the same year the company was awarded for its best CRM software in Channel Champs Awards.
About me:
I am perusing Mtech from NITW in the field Computer science and information security and my CGPA is 8.61.
Recruitment Process and Criteria :
In NITW, Oracle came to recruit students for the ‘Applications Development’ group.
the cut off for written test was 7 cgpa and the branches for which it was open was
B.Tech – CSE, ECE, EEE, MECH, MME, CIVIL, CHEMICAL
MTech – CSE (All specialisations)
ECE (All specialisations)
EEE (All specialisations)
Oracle conducts 4-5 rounds to select freshers and each round was elimination round.
Round 1: Online Test
Round 2: 1st Technical Interview
This was a face to face interview round. I was asked about my technical interests and in which field I would like to work in future and with which language i was most comfortable with.
then i was asked to give a quick introduction.
he began with asking me questions on java but i told him that i have been practicing on c++ for a while and  that i didn’t revise java concepts so he said okay, “we will keep the oops discussion confined to c++”.I was glad.
This problem is also called Jelly Beans problem. This is the most commonly asked interview puzzle.3 misspelled jars problem. One jar contains Apple, another contains Oranges and the third jar contains a mixture of both Apple and Oranges.You are allowed to pick as many fruits as you want from each jar to fix the labels on the jars. What is the minimum number of fruits that you have to pick and from which jars to correctly label them?
Round 3: 2nd Technical Interview
second round was focused majorly on coding. The questions were of medium-hard level. The interiew kept giving me questions one by one and was applying time constraints with every question. Questions were these :
Count all possible paths from top left to bottom right of a mXn matrix.(Dynamic programming)
Then he asked me some oops question like explain abstraction, encapsulation, polymorphism, whast the role of virtual keyword, how to make class abstract in c++, java etc.
After this round out of 35, 20 people were selected and proceeded to 3rd round of interview
Round 4: 3rd Technical Interview
In this round the majorly grilled me over my projects and the discussion went from machine laerning to cloud computing to how google search engine work. My this interview last for 1.5 hours
PS- you should really be through with  your projects (both college and internship) and should be aware about new technologies that can make your project better and what technologies you used and whats the drawbrack of your projects in general.
after this round 15 people went for HR
Round 4: HR round
My HR round was very interesting and it was just a normal intellectual conversation between 2 adults.questions were like
After this out of 15, 12 people were finally selected and among those 12 people i was the only one from Mtech background other 11 were from btech background.
PS- During the whole interview process, one should keep his/her calm and make sure than you think through before answering any question also if you dont know any technology or are not sure about some answer, you should not answer it and directly tell the interviewer that you dont know that rather than faking the answer. REMEMBER – be Confident not over Confident.

