was an Online round which consisted of 2 sections – Quantitative and Qualitative – each consisting of 30 questions. Total time allotted was 50 minutes. Quantitative sections was quite easy and I completed it’s 30 questions in 16-17 minutes. Qualitative section was a bit lengthy as it consisted of some long paragraph based questions. Altogether it was an easy round and I got 57 questions right out of 60. (Scores were told to each one who got qualified for the next round.)
There were 3 Face-to-Face Interview rounds:
Round 1: 44 students were selected out of 150 (approx.) for this round. This was a technical round and it lasted for about 45-50 minutes. Interviewer first asked me to introduce myself in brief and then had a glance at my resume after which he started asking questions. Questions were of easy (80%) to medium level (20%) as he asked from almost each topic or subject which I had written in my resume. Topics included were – 
Then he asked if I had any question for him and then I asked a question to which he answered very nicely.
One advice from my side would be that you should know what you have written in your resume and be thoroughly prepared with all the topics related to it and especially have a deep and thorough knowledge about your projects.
Round 2:  21 people were selected for this round. This was a Managerial round that lasted for about 20 minutes. Interviewer was an alumni of our college so it was a friendly round and we talked about some teachers and subjects. He also asked me my marks in some subjects. I don’t remember much about this round but this round was easiest to clear.
Round 3:  13 people were selected for HR round. It lasted for about 35-40 minutes. There were 2 HRs in the room and both were very friendly. You just need to talk (with a smile on your face) and try to be friendly and confident. Some questions were:
This was concluded with them asking me if I had any questions for them and after answering my question we shook hands and then I left the room.
 
Results came out after approximately 2 hours and they selected 8 people for FTE position and I was one among them. 🙂
Only one advice – Be thorough with everything that you’ve mentioned in your resume and be confident while answering. They do not expect you to answer each and every question correctly but they look your approach towards a new problem in pressure.
All the Best!
