 
Online Test :
Online test consists of 2 sections :
1st Section : 30 MCQ questions based on cs topics like os, dbms, sorting, searching, time complexity, trees and basic pointers questions.
(You can practice here : https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/geeksquiz-home/ )
2nd Section : 4 Coding Questions
1 : Given inorder and preorder traversal of a binary tree you have to return postorder traversal.
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/print-postorder-from-given-inorder-and-preorder-traversals
2 : Given an array of integers return the duplicate ones in sorted order.
3 : Given a sentence(contains alphanumeric characters) you have to reverse each word and capitalize the first letter of each word.
4 : Given an array of positive and negative integers find the maximum sum obtained by flipping a continuous subarray( flipping means positive to negative and negative to positive).
Similar Question : https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/largest-sum-contiguous-subarray
Time Limit : 2:30 Hrs
3 out of 4 coding questions and some mcq were enough for next round.
About 26 students were shortlisted for F2F interviews.
 
Round 1 FTF Technical Round (1:15 hours) :
The interviewer asked questions from these  topics : Data Structures, DBMS.
Questions were:
1: Find an element in rotated sorted array.
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/search-an-element-in-a-sorted-and-pivoted-array
2: Convert a binary tree to a doubly linked list.
http://(https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/convert-a-given-binary-tree-to-doubly-linked-list-set-2/
3 : DBMS Normal Forms.
4 : SQL Joins and Nested Queries.
5 : Discussion about the Archictecture of Projects.
9 students were selected for round 2.
 
Round 2 FTF Technical Round (1:15 hours):
The interviewer asked questions from these  topics : OS, Data Structures, DBMS, OOP Concepts, System Design.
Questions were:
1: System Design Questions on Projects.
2: Given a list of numbers find the top k largest elements.
(Discussion about Different Variations, Different Solutions and their Time and Space Complexity )
3: Java OOP Concepts (Some Simple Defnitions and Some Tough Questions ).
4: Custom Sorting Functions.
5: Hashing Concepts.
6: Os Deadlock ( Different Variations of Standard Problems like Producer Consumer Problem).
All 9 students were selected for HR round.
 
Round 3 HR  Round (30 minutes):
Standard HR questions.
The HR was quiet friendly so we had a nice conversation.
Questions –
Finally, 5 students were selected.
I was one of them.
Thanks.
 
