Wipro came to our campus ( National Institute of Technology, Durgapur ) on 12/09/2018 for the role of Project Engineer with 6.5LPA CTC.
Round 1 :  This was online round conducted on AMCAT. This round consisted of five sections. Each section had its own sectional cut off. So try to at least answer few questions from each section. About 167 students applied for wipro and only 40 out of them were selected for round 2.
Section 1 (English) This section had 20 questions(MCQ) to be done in 15 minutes. It consisted of Antonyms, Synonyms, Sentence Rearrangement, and Comprehension based questions. This section was quite easy. Just keep in mind about the time and be fast.
Section 2 (Logical Reasoning)  This section had 14 questions to be done in 14 minutes. It consisted problems from the basic topics like Blood Relations, Directions, Sequences of numbers/words, Series, Coding/Decoding word and numbers, Data Sufficiency, assertion type questions. This section was of moderate level.
Section 3 (Quantitative Ability)  This section consisted of 16 questions(MCQ) to be done in 16 minutes. It consisted of problems from topics like, Percentage, Profit & loss, Ratio & proportion, Probability, Speed and time etc. This section was quite easy. Just be quick and be calm. It’s easy to score in this section.
Section 4 (Coding/ Automata) This section consisted of 2 coding questions to be done in 60 minutes.
Question 1 : For an input N=3 Output should be like this
111232223334
Solution :
Run on IDE
Question 2 : A program to check whether two strings are rotation of each other or not. Geeks for geeks already have solution to this question here .
In short, coding questions were easy.
Section 5 (WriteX)
In this round, we were given 20 minutes to write an essay on a topic of 100 – 400 words. The essay was then evaluated for grammatical errors and various other errors. My topic for essay was “ Does Family, Friends, Society determines the academic performance of an individual”. Just make sure all words are spelled correctly and there is no grammatical error.marking.
Round 2 : (Technical Interview) :
This round was face to face technical round.40 students made it to the round 2. 26 of them were selected for the next round and rest were asked to leave. The interviewer greeted me with Good Morning and then asked me to tell about myself. Then he asked about my interests and hobbies. He asked about my favourite subjects. I said I like OOPs and DBMS. So he started asking question from OOPs.
He asked few more questions regarding OOPs. I answered all of them correctly. He said that you have good knowledge of OOPs let’s switch to DBMS. Then he asked me question about DBMS.
I answered all of them correctly. He then asked me how an AC works and design an algorithm for that. I gave him my approach. He was quite satisfied with my answer. He then asked me to write code for “Nth Fibonacci number” and “ Print All prime numbers from 1 to N ”.  I wrote the code for those problems. He said he is done with his questions and asked me if I had any questions for him. I asked him about the Training process of Wipro. He told me briefly about that.
Round 3: (HR) This was a telephonic round. The HR was very cool she asked me about my hobbies, family background, likes and dislikes, why do I want to join wipro, whether I have any problem in relocating. I told her about all of them. She was quite happy with me and Thanked me for coming.
On the very next day, the final results came and 25 out of 26 were selected for the Project Engineer Profile at WIPRO. Fortunately, I was one of them.
Tips and Tricks : Just be calm and be confident, have faith in yourself, the difficulty level of whole process was easy. Just don’t panic and be yourself. You can easily crack the interview. For preparation of Coding or Aptitude part, one should prefer geeksforgeeks. I studied from geeksforgeeks and it helped me a lot. Thank you.
