Analytics Quotient visited to recruit for two profiles from our campus (Business Analyst & Software Engineer). I appeared for the position of Business Analyst for Bangalore location. All the branches were eligible and about 400 students sat for the first round. Below is my AQ experience. Hope it Helps!
Round 1 (Online Test):-
There were 4 sections – Quantitative Aptitude, Verbal Ability, Logical Reasoning and Data Interpretation, about 45 questions (with .25 negative marking) to be done in 50 mins. Questions were very straight, time limit was the deciding factor. Sectional Cutoff was there for each section. A good practice of aptitude questions will easily get you through this round.
30 students were shortlisted for the 2nd round.
Round 2 (Case Study):-
It was again an elimination round. A case (of a company facing some issue) was presented and we had to analyze, give a solution and present our ideas on a paper. This round lasted for around 40 mins.
Later 13 students were shortlisted for the f2f interview.
Round 3 (Interview):-
My interviewer was one of the Co-founders. He gave a real world problem and asked me to calculate the Probability using guess estimate. He then provided me 2 datasets and told me to write down a SQL query and also to give a C++ code based on the same dataset. About 50% questions were resume based so know your resume very well.  There were a few questions related to the case study performed in the previous round. The main focus was on your approach towards getting to the solution and not on the result. Good communication skills will be an advantage.
He also asked my hobbies and interests. I like Quizzing so he asked me a few questions based on a current event and on a TV series that I mentioned I was watching then.
At last he asked if there were any questions from my side.(Do ask questions!)
A total of 4 students were selected for AQ including me. I think the most difficult round was the 1st round because there were a lot of students sitting for this round and the competition was tough, therefore. Be Cool and Use your own mind don’t waste time in calculative questions try solving small questions quickly & accurately. 
 
