Money View had visited our campus for two roles:
There were four rounds for the recruitment process. They were as below:
Online Test
Online test was conducted on HirePro Platform. It had 33 questions and the time limit was 90 minutes. The online test had quantitative aptitude questions, logical reasoning and technical aptitude followed by two coding questions. The last question was to write an algorithm to find the location of clusters in a given image. The coding questions were easy. One question was to merge two non-increasing arrays into one array. Another question was to find the most frequent substring of a string of given length. The aptitude questions were difficult.
40 people were shortlisted for the next round.
Before the technical interview began we had to choose between the two roles. I chose the Software Engineer role.
Technical interview 1
I was asked a puzzle- https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/puzzle-chaos-in-the-bus/ . I took a little while and then came up with an answer after a little hint. Then I was asked a programming question- https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/next-greater-element/ . I came up with a solution after a little while. Then I was asked to implement a queue using two stacks. I explained the approach where we make push operation costly. Lastly, I was asked about the OOPS concepts in Java. I explained with examples clearly. I made it to the next round.
Technical Interview 2 
The next round was more about my projects. The interviewer was very friendly. He asked me for an instance in my life where I used my skills to solve a problem. I told him such an instance. He was impressed by the answer and said that they needed such candidates.  Then he looked at the statistics of my online test and told me that he won’t ask any technical questions. At last, he asked whether I have any questions. I asked a few. I was selected for the HR round.
HR Interview
I was asked about my family background and my journey in the college so far. I told everything honestly. Then I was asked how many interviews I had attended and why was I not selected for the companies. Then I was asked in which technologies I had interest. I said Android, Cloud Computing and Java. Then I was asked whether I had any plans for higher studies. Lastly, I was asked whether I had any questions. I asked a few.
Finally, they selected 4 people for the role of Software Engineer and 2 people for the role of Data Scientist. I was selected.
