One written test which is very tough and lasted for 2 hours …. unexpectedly i was shortlisted for next round which is a coding round.
They have given 2 programs for coding round for which at least 3 test cases must be satisfied to be qualified for interview ..i run through all test cases successfully and got selected for interview phases which is of 3  Rounds.
Round 1 :-
This lasted for 40min,
She asked me  a casual question tell me about yourself followed, she asked me my projects followed by a sql query which is based on inner joins and ordered by concepts and she asked me what’s the differences of C and Java and asked me to tell the advantage of C++ over Java , followed by differences b/w hash map and hash table ….then to test whether I have any programing skills or not she asked me to write and explain  a program for palindrome .I wrote and explained the after she asked me to write a program on finding a duplicate number in an array by O(n) for this i have given 3 solutions she also gave another solution ..and she asked me concepts of oops followed by orange and apple logical question which I couldn’t able to solve it but she liked my approached and explained me that answer …
Round 2 :-
This last for 20min .. Though it is a technical round he asked me HR questions also
He asked me “Why engineering ?”  ,”Why IT ” , ” why Oracle ”
He asked, ” What are the personal changes that occurs in ur life if u get this job merge or expanding ur skills ? ”
I have given my own explanation for all this questions ….
Then he asked me to print something without using printf in C then I used OS system call write(1,”abcd”,4) then he asked another question
Arr = {10, 20, 3000, 9999, 200};
Print a number which had maximum number of zeros …
I have given O(n2) and thought of reducing it further , saw my implementation and asked me to leave the panel and prepare for next round …
Round 3 :-
He asked me some HR questions and about my family and asked me to rate my self on java .. Though i am good in Java i said 6.5 he asked me “If u r good in Java why 6.5 ?” .. then I gave him myself opinion on java he was satisfied with that layer he started asking logical questions
1- there is one car , a   thief stolen on tier of that along with nuts , U have only one  Stepney  and no nuts how would u fix it to the car ?
2- there is a cake (of any shape ) which is damaged one side (or one corner ) ..How would u cut it such that to get equal parts  (equal quantity ) ..
3- a candle takes 60min to melt …and u r given 2 candles of equal length , a match box and no clock or scale is provided …U r asked  to show 45 min melting  those candles
From the above questions i jave answered only one question and I think he seen my approach to those problem and gave me a good feedback ….
I main thing that I have learned is to keep a little smile on ur phase and be confident on what u r saying , though u have a little knowledge express it correctly
Thank u ……….



