I find GeeksforGeeks very helpful! It helped me prepare for my Oracle interview, thanks to the previous contributions by many. 
Oracle Campus Recruitment Process
Pattern: 
1. Written round
2. Analytical reasoning round (Written)
3. Coding round (Written)
4. Technical interview I
5. Technical interview II
– Pool interviews for Osmania University, CBIT and Vasavi colleges.
– 7.5 LPA Pay package
– Global Business Unit (GBU)  profile 
Written round:
106 marks – 120 minutes
4 broad sections:
– Aptitude
– Verbal
– Reasoning
– Technical 
Analytical reasoning:
4 questions – 30 minutes 
Coding round: 
1 question – 30 minutes 
Students whose performance was top-notch in analytical were directly sent to the interview round. I was promoted to the 4th round   

Technical interview:
– One panel member
– Went on for about 45 minutes
 Interviewer went through my resume and asked about my projects right away
1. Did you face any challenges with your project? If yes, what was your approach to solve it?
2. How did you optimize your code?
3. Do you plan to extend your project?
4. What else are you planning to include in your project?
5. Why did you choose Java for your project?
6. What are the OOP concepts (explained in detail for about 7 minutes)
7. Write a program to check if a given string is palindrome (Had to do a dry run of the code and explained its complexity)
8. Explain HashMap and HashTables
9. What are collection classes?
10. What is hashing? Explain various hashing techniques
11. What are collisions in data structures?
12. Explain various search techniques
13. What are the JavaScript concepts that are similar to Java?
14. What is Google Student Ambassador (GSA) Program all about? (I am currently the GSA of my campus; explained about it for 5 mins)
15. What all did you do as a GSA?
16. What technologies were used in your events?
Similar questions for asked for my other internships too 
In between, I was asked to tell about myself and anything else I’d like to let them know, basically to avoid the void while the interviewer was thinking of questions.

Interview II – HR + Tech. 
– Panel of 2 members
– Went on for about 50 minutes
1. Tell me about yourself
2. At which level do you play badminton (I mentioned in my previous answer that I play badminton)
3. What is it that you like about yourself?
4. What don’t you like about yourself?
5. What don’t you like about others?
6. How good are you in programming on a scale of 1 to 10? (I told 7 to 7.5)
7. Write a program to reverse a string (Wrote and explained my code with a dry run)
8. Asked more about Google Student Club, Technical events we conducted
9. More questions about my marketing internship at Viber
10. What is Big Data- Hadoop? (It was in my resume as I had presented on the topic)
11. What’s your favorite subject? (Java)
12. What is multithreading in java?
13. (Other interviewer) What’s your favorite subject? (Data Structure and DBMS)
14. DS: Given that you are standing on a floor in a building having ‘n’ elevators, design a system such
that on pressing a button, the elevator on the nearest floor to that of yours arrives. Which data structure is to be used and how is it implemented?
15. What is normalization in DBMS?
16. Does 4NF exist?
17. Difference between 3NF and BCNF?
18. How to convert 3NF to BCNF
19. Anything you would want to know from us?

