Here is how my interview for ORACLE (Profile: App Dev) went about,

Round 1: 
This included MCQs that covered a lot of topics, such as : Data Structures, OS, Database, English Grammar, General Vocabulary, Basic Math, and a few on basic logic.
Roughly 150 students out of (~350) were shortlisted for the next round.

Round 2:
This was a coding round, had 2 questions. Both were math based questions.
This was not an elimination round, but was to segregate the students into 2 groups, (Server Tech. and App Dev.).

Interviews:
Round 1:
Question 1: Write the code to find the 2nd largest number in the array.
You are expected to write the code and test for all edge cases.
Question 2: Print all the prime factors of a given number except the number itself.
Question 3: This was to just check your quick math/logical skills.
If ABCD*99=ABB551, find the value of A.
I had a discussion with the interviewer regarding this and I gave him the answer in a way that he did not expect and he seemed quite happy about the new method 😛

Round 2:
Question 1: Why Oracle? What do you expect Oracle to be like, for you?
Question 2:  The interviewer gave a set of relations and asked me to write a couple of queries to retrieve certain data.
I would say, as it is Oracle, you should be thorough with DBMS and MySQL queries.
Question 3: Write code to group all 1s in K-map.
I wrote a code using DFS.
Question 4: Given a roman number as a string input, check if it is valid, if yes, then print its decimal equivalent.
Question 5: What are data structures?
Question 6: Explain any sorting algorithm of your choiice.
I started with quick sort, however he later asked me to explain bubble sort 😛
He also asked me if I knew why was it named “bubble” sort.

Round 3:
Had to answer around 5 logical puzzles.

Round 4:
Question 1: Given a sudoku puzzle, write code to check if it is valid (solved right) by traversing the entire matrix just once.

Round 5:
HR interview, here I was asked about my background, what was it that I considered unique about myself, my future goals etc.
On the whole, I would say, with a good grip on database, OS, Java concepts, and of course, data structures and algorithms you will be able to make through easily.
All the best! 🙂



