Round 1: Online Aptitude + Technical test
This was approximately a 2 hour test with the following sections:
53 students were shortlisted after this test.
 
Round 2: Online coding test (1 hour)
It consisted of the following two coding questions. This round was non-eliminative in nature, though the approaches we used in this test were discussed during the interviews that were conducted the next day.
We have to compute the maximum profit possible, values of A and B are given. The values of T[i], A and B can be negative while C[i] ranges from 1 to n
 
INTERVIEWS ( 3 Technical rounds and 1 HR)
 
Technical Round 1: (30- 40 minutes)
 
There were 8 panels taking the interviews, with 2 candidates allotted to each panel for the first round who were to be interviewed together. Some panels gave different questions to both the students or separately interviewed the candidates, while some (like mine) interviewed both the candidates together. The questions asked were fairly simple and a slight discussion about my coding round was done in this.
At the end, he asked if I had any questions for him. To this, I would suggest that you should be prepared with some generic questions to ask in case your panel asks the same. It’s always better to engage in a slight conversation, but don’t be abrasive.
40 people were selected after this round.
 
Technical Round 2: (50- 60 minutes)
 
S = ……….(…(…(..)(…))….)(…) The string to be printed is between the bold braces. We first discussed my approach and then I wrote the code for the same.
24 people were selected after this round.
Technical Round 3: (~ 1.4 hours)
He started with an initial conversation of how my day had been so far, followed by a brief of my technical projects. We had a detailed discussion about one of my projects wherein after explaining him the project, he asked me to give him specific details on everything I worked upon. We had a general discussion about the way technology has been emerging and how Oracle handles this change.
We had a casual chat about his journey through Oracle and the kind of projects he works upon. At the end, I asked him for a feedback which he was happy to provide me with.
14 people were sent for the last round.
HR Round: (10 minutes)
She asked how my day had been so far and asked me if I was tired after the entire process.
All 14 were given offers after the HR round.
