OYO Rooms, commonly known as OYO, is an Indian hospitality service and budget hotel network. It was founded in 2013 by Ritesh Agarwal and has since grown to over 8, 500 hotels in 230 cities in India and Malaysia and Nepal.
In 2017, OYO Rooms was chosen as India’s Most Promising Hotel Network (HolidayIQ Better Holiday Awards). In 2016, OYO Rooms won NDTV Dream Chaser of the Year Award, IAMAI Digital Startup of the Year Award. In 2015, OYO Rooms won Express IT Startup of the Year Award. It was recognized by Business Today as among the Coolest Start-Ups in India (2016) and ranked by LinkedIn as one of the top employee attractors in India two years in a row (2016, 2017). OYO is backed by leading global investors, including the SoftBank Group, Lightspeed India, Sequoia Capita, Greenoaks Capital, Hero Enterprise and China Lodging Group. Know more about OYO Rooms

OYO Rooms conducts 5-6 rounds to select freshers as Software Engineer in their organisation.
Academic Criteria :
Written Round :
The Written round is a programming round. It may be online or offline. To clear this round you must be well prepared with data structres and algorithms.
Technical Round and HR Round :
The students who clear the written round are called for Technical Interview. To clear this round you should be clear with your basics. You should be prepared with Data structures and Algorithms, DBMS, Operating System. You should be well prepared with system design problems. Students will be expected to write codes in the interview. They also ask questions from resume. They frequently ask questions about your previous projects. You may be asked puzzles in this round. To be prepared for puzzles you can practice from our Puzzles section.
Tips
1. Understand the question completely and thoroughly
2. Try to be as interactive with interviewers as possible.
3. Be clear how you will proceed before you start writing your code.
4. Check your code for errors and bugs before you present it to the interviewer, its never a good idea
   to present a code with errors & bugs because they will always find the smallest bugs in your code.
5. Before you start writing code, tell them what are all the possible solutions and which one you are
   choosing and why.
6. Questions are mainly based on data structures and problem solving ability
7. Don’t mention that you don’t know.
HR Round
You can expect general HR questions like :
1. Tell me about Yourself
2. Why OYO Rooms ?
3. How you see yourself after five years from now ?
4. What are your strengths and weaknesses ?
5. Questions form resume
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.
