Round 1: (Online Round).This round has 2 coding questions and 15 MCQ’s (from Aptitude, OS, DBMS, C++, C, Data Structures).
1.Print matrix in spiral order.
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/print-a-given-matrix-in-spiral-form/
2. Given a matrix. Empty cells are represented by ‘.’, cells which are occupied are represented by ‘B’. Given two cells ‘S’ and ‘D’, find the minimum distance required from S to D.
Ex.
S..BB.
..B.B
.B…
….D
This is a simple BFS.
Round 2:
First 10 min discussion on my project and internship. He asked me three coding questions. He was a very cool person and was happy with all my approach.
Round 3:
First 10 min discussion on my project and internship same as the previous round. He asked me only one coding question.
problem: In a building N floor is there. You are at the source floor(S) and You have to go to the destination floor(D).
Every time you can go to U floor up and d floor down from a floor ( either x to x+U or x to x-d). Find the min no of steps to reach from S to D.
In 10 the minute, I gave him an O(n2) approach he was happy and told me to write the code but I was still thinking and suddenly I got the solution in O(nlogn) using Dijkstra Algorithm. He told me how will you solve using Dijkstra and I explained it. He was very impressed and told me to write the code. Then he told me to explain the code once I explained he found one mistake in the code. He told me once check is it correct. I was not getting what was the problem. I discussed with him 5 min and he told me that why are you confusing. Think you missed something. He gave me one hint then I got it. He told me to add this case in code.
After this, he asked me about indexing in DBMS. How did you use this in your project?
He was very helpful and when I was thinking He asked me what are you thinking and why this approach and he discussed every small step of the problem. I was expecting for the second coding question as he asked to my friend and he did not ask me the second question.
After this, I did not have the third round and after five minute HR told me that you are selected.
