Around 400 students from our university were eligible to attend the interview process conducted by PayPal Pvt. Ltd., The selection criteria was based on the CGPA till 4th  semester. Luckily I was one among them!
Round 1: (Online Test)
The Online Test was held on their own interface and consisted of about 20 MCQs questions and one coding question.
MCQs were mainly from C/C++ input/output, Math Aps, Verbal and Quans. Coding Question: Simple Currency denomination Problem.
Find the least number of coins required that can make any desired amount. The coins can only be pennies(1), nickels(5), dimes(10) and quarters(25).
Sample Input 1: 30
Sample Output 1: 2 (one quarter and one nickel)
Sample Input 2: 100
Sample Output 2: 4 (four quarters)
Around 8 of the students were selected for the next round.
Round 2: Technical F2F
The interviewers (Two of them were present) asked me to introduce myself. They glanced my resume and started shooting out the questions!
Detect loop in a linked list and remove it.
He asked me to code in a paper and check for all possible test cases and edge cases. He then added to prove the solution. I did it. He was satisfied.
Distinguish between Hash table and Hash Map.
How is Hash Map implemented in JAVA?
The discussion on this topic went too deep and was about 30 minutes. We discussed about the actual mapping of values, implementation etc.,
Single source shortest Path (Was not asked to code. Just explain the algorithm with an example)
What are threads? Does the threads share same address space? Why? Few more questions i don’t remember them..
Around 5 of the students were selected for next round. Luckily I was one of them 🙂
Round 3: HR F2F
This round was my favorite one and was not asked too much technical. Some basic questions like
Why PayPal?
What is the most challenging thing you have come across?
Unique features about PayPal.
What is the reach of PayPal in your locality
All thanks to G4G which is the most excellent site that i have come across for interview preparation 🙂


