Written 1 : Technical and Aptitude.
Written 2:  Written Coding
Written 1 was Normal Written exam based on fundamentals of Aptitude and Computer Science.
Written 2:
Few Questions I remembered :
Q1 :
Q2 : 
    where CTRL+A, CTRL+C, CTRL+V each acts as one function key for “Select All”, “Copy”, and “Paste” operations respectively.
    If you can only press the keyboard for N times (with the above four keys), please write a program to produce maximum numbers of A. If possible, please also print out the sequence of keys.
    That is to say, the input parameter is N (No. of keys that you can press), the output is M (No. of As that you can produce).
Q3 : Consider a Binary Tree not necessarily BST,Remove all nodes which don’t lie in any path with sum>= k.
Q4: Given an array arrange it in the form a<b>c<d>e<f>g……….
Q5 : Given an array of numbers arrange it in the form of a single number such that the concluded number is
     the maximum.
     e.g. given : 99,8,76,45,66,9,7,33,5,42
     O/P : 99987766654233
Sectional Cut-off for O/P and Coding Questions.
Marking was done against correct approach not the exact answers.
Round 1 (Technical):
Q1: How will you store 800 Million records in database.
Q2: Data storage of double and float differs in C/C++ and Java How is it ???
Q2: Transfer data between a program written in Java and C#.
Q3: I  need to establish a network in which I will be sure of security ,How will you proceed
Q4: A and B are two sets Write a non nested query so that I can get the data in B but not in A.
Q5: 000…………..? 11111111111111111111…………….? Write a Program which find the index of the
    start of series 11111111…..?.
Round 2 (Technical):
Q1: Give your introduction along with your technical skills.
Q2: Explain your project “Stock Prediction”
Q3: I want to retrieve records from a table from date 1 – 15.I don’t want to use range Queries
    Suggest the optimal solutions…
    I suggest Indexing on date column.
    He insisted on alternate ways.
    “he said what you think you can do……”
Q4: What is Unique and NULL Constraint ?
    Difference between Primary Key and Unique.
    How many maximum records in Unique can be NULL.
Q5: Write Most optimized algorithm for finding a Word in sentence.
    (I used Trie approach , he scolded me for not asking the sentence is sorted or not.. the used Binary search.)
Q6: Difference between thread and process.
    What is PCB ?
    What is synchronization ??
    What is Semaphore ?
    Explain and solve Producer Consumer Problem using Semaphore ? What is Drawback here
    What is monitor ? Solve Producer Consumer Problem using Monitor and explain pros and cons.
Final 8 candidates from Delhi region selected.
Round 3(Final Round Managerial and Technical):
Q1 : What you want to do in your Life ?? Discussion life as a placement coordinator ?
     What you did ? your duties ? differences you made …
Q2 : Doing Post Market Analysis of a Stock Market of Previous Month .
     Write a Program of Stock Buy Sell to Maximize Profit.
Q3 : Explain Cursor ? its types ? differences between them ? What to use When ?
Q4 : Explain Matrix ? Matrix Multiplication? Difference ways of Matrix Multiplication ?Explain Both.
Q5 : What are you doing right now ??? will you join us ?? Why ??
Students from 30 Colleges of India are evaluated and Top 25 are offered the JOB.
I was not one of them. 
