Juniper Networks, Inc. is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Sunnyvale, California that develops and markets networking products. Its products include routers, switches, network management software, network security products and software-defined networking technology.
In 2018, Juniper’s MX10008 Universal Chassis and Contrail Enterprise Multicloud emerged as Grand Prix winners at Interop Tokyo 2018, one of the largest network computing trade shows in Asia. In 2018, Juniper also listed on Forbes’ list of America’s Best Employers 2018. Also, InformationWeek ranked Juniper Networks number 9 in its ‘15 Best Places to Work in Technology’ list based on Indeed.com’s user ratingsKnow more about Juniper Networks

Juniper Networks conducts 4-5 rounds to select freshers as Software Engineer in their organisation.
Academic Criteria :
Written Round :
Online round consists of MCQs and 3 programming problems. MCQs are both Technical and Aptitude. To be prepared for MCQs you can prepare from our Geeks Quiz and  General Aptitude sections. To clear this round you must be well prepared with data structres and algorithms.
Technical Round :
The students who clear the written round are called for Technical Interview. To clear this round you should be clear with your basics. You should be prepared with Data structures and Algorithms, DBMS, Operating System, and computer networks. You should be well prepared with system design problems. Students will be expected to write codes in the interview. They also ask questions from resume. They frequently ask questions about your previous projects. You may be asked puzzles in this round. To be prepared for puzzles you can practice from our Puzzles section.
Tips
1. Understand the question completely and thoroughly
2. Try to be as interactive with interviewers as possible.
3. Be clear how you will proceed before you start writing your code.
4. Check your code for errors and bugs before you present it to the interviewer, its never a good idea
   to present a code with errors & bugs because they will always find the smallest bugs in your code.
5. Before you start writing code, tell them what are all the possible solutions and which one you are
   choosing and why.
6. Questions are mainly based on data structures and problem solving ability
7. Don’t mention that you don’t know.
HR Round
You can expect general HR questions like :
1. Tell me about Yourself
2. What is your vision and how juniper can help you?
3. You are being bullied by one of your classmate how will you tackle?
4. What is the ultimate aim of your life?
5. Questions form resume
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.

