In colleges, most of the things that you learn related to computer science are theoretical. It will help you to get good grades and may help you in your GATE exam if you opt for. But as an engineer, you would want to apply your knowledge and build something. This is where internships come into play. It helps you enter the field of applied computer science and do some projects and build stuff on your own and even get paid for it. It makes you learn about the trending technologies and adapt yourself to what the current tech world demands. 
Some of the main advantages of opting for an internship are as follows:
TYPES : There are various ways of getting an internship. One of the ways is you can become a “Campus Ambassador” for a Tech company in an institute or in a college fest. You can even have a “Content -writing” intern to write-off your experiences or share your knowledge with others on some critical/trending/mind-boggling topics. You can always do “Projects” that the company wants you to accomplish in a fixed period of time for a fixed amount of money. Sometimes they are unpaid. You can write to a professor and do a “Research-internship” under his guidance and write your thesis or learn something amazing.
TIME : There is no fixed time for an internship. You do not want to do go somewhere to work during your semesters. Most of the internships are during winter or summer break. You can apply for internships which are from work at home. It’s your choice and your interest where you want to work when you want to work.

SOURCES : There are several sites available which provide you with internships. You just have to google it and search according to your skills and interest. Some of the sites are INTERNSHALA, ANGELLIST and so on. You can create an account in Linked-in/REDDIT and search through different companies intern programs. There are several freelance jobs available which you can opt for. Sometimes the companies come to your campus to get some interns.
“My advice for young people is, study what you love and intern in what you want to do. And I think it’s okay to pivot as many times as you need to.” Eva Chen, director of fashion, Instagram.
Through all of this, you achieve a sense of accomplishment by contributing to an organization. There is a level of satisfaction that your work is appreciated and is helping word become a better place. So, I would suggest you do an internship and in some way help in fulfilling the purpose of my article.
Related Post : Benefits of working as “Technical Content Writer” at GeeksforGeeks
