Campus placement season is ongoing at almost all the colleges and each one of us wants to prepare to do the best. This article focuses on what all topics that are important for the preparation and how to proceed toward preparing for the best.
In general, Internship/placement process for almost all companies happen in two parts, first is a written round and then a series of interviews. For securing a good internship one need to prepare for both parts thoroughly. The ideal time to start preparing is 2 – 3 months before tests.
Written Test
Written test consists of :
Coding
For coding, you must be fluent in at least one coding language preferably C++ or Java. Topics asked in coding section are from Data Structures and Algorithms. You must read all the articles on Geekforgeeks which is more than enough if you do them properly, specifically focusing on topics like:
Previous years asked questions are very important and you must practice them all. You must practice questions and try to code them as fast as possible. For that, you can use Gfg Practice sections and practice previously asked questions in different companies. Without practice, your speed will be a downside for you and you might not able to do question that you know.
MCQs
MCQs are generally asked from topics :
You must revise all these topics before a test and practice some previously asked questions on these topics.
Puzzles and Aptitude
Depending on companies number of question on this section varies a lot but generally, all most all companies ask some questions related to these. Generally, puzzles are repeated and it is best to go through them beforehand.
General Quant consist of Probability, Permutation and Combination, Basic Maths.You may go through them and prepare if you want to go to a financial firm like Goldman Sachs etc. You can practice here.
Interviews
Topics for interviews are same as for written test, the only difference here is you need to explain the interviewers what you are doing and why.
Interviews generally begin with them asking you about yourself and then moving to the technical stuff. Keep your introduction short and precise. If they ask something from your interested fields, you must be able to answer.
HR round
There is also an HR round which is basically about checking your communication and presentation skills, it is very easy and only thing you need to do is answer the questions confidently and clearly.
General tips for interviews is to be interactive, long silence is not good for an interview. If an interviewer is showing interest in your works or sharing a personal experience with you that is a very good sign. You can also organize mock interviews with friends and it will be very beneficial.
At last, getting selected or not, not only depends on your knowledge but it also depends on many other factors collectively called ‘Luck’. So, not getting selected in one company does not mean you are not good enough for them. It may be interviewer that you encounter was in bad mood or not interested in your projects or questions asked were tough or not from your strong topics etc.
Don’t lose hope if you are not selected in a few companies, be patient and continue preparing, your luck will definitely change.
Best of Luck.
Related Articles:
