Placements preparation is a very crucial task and the choice of a good guide can help you a lot to prepare for the same. You must choose a guide as per your own preference. Many people like reading articles whereas many people prefer reading books. GeeksforGeeks brings you a list of the most recommended books that you must read for placement preparation.
There is a very popular quote by Mark Haddon,

Reading is a conversation. All books talk. But a good book listens as well.

A good book covers every specific detail of the topic it is listing. Recruitment process consists of a series of tests and interview rounds which includes Aptitude Rounds, Logical Reasoning, communication skills, Data structures & Algorithms, System Design rounds and other CS subjects.
Below are some of the most recommended books which will surely help to prepare for placements:

This is the must-have book for any higher level competitive exams and interview preparation. The book, “How to prepare for Quantitative Aptitude by Arun Sharma” covers all aspects of the Quantitative section that is required and generally asked in any major aptitude round, this book is well crafted and structured to guide the readers through the step by step process of solving a problem. Needless to say why the book is generally referred to as the Bible for any general aptitude exams. Not only does it cover the theoretical part but also discusses many tricks and shortcuts to solve a particular question. What makes this book special is its quantity and quality of problems divided into three difficulty levels- Level I, Level II and Level III for every chapter.


Keeping in mind that Algorithm is an integral part of the interview rounds, the book “Introduction to Algorithms” is one in the market providing comprehensive discussions of all the algorithms in depth, with implementation, design, and complete analysis with time and space complexities. Focussing from the engineering point of view towards solving problems related to Dynamic Programming, Greedy Algorithms, and Flow Networks, this is the must-have book before the placement starts. The book also covers the mathematical aspects of approach towards a problem and brings many new exercises and problems for students studying Data Structure and Algorithm.



Every company, hiring Software Developers have a series of interview rounds focused on Data structures and Algorithms. For the students to have clear concepts and techniques of data structure and algorithms, the book “Data Structures and Algorithms Made Easy” serves as the perfect guide to get through all the initials of the subject. Written in a very simple and lucid format, the book covers all the major topics of placement interviews, programming puzzles and an immense number of programs asked by the big tech giants like Google, Microsoft etc. The book also covers many GATE topics to help the students to qualify the interview rounds and other exams related to data structure and algorithms.


The “Cracking the Coding Interview” by CareerCup is one of the must-have books for all who wishes to get through the tricky and mind-boggling algorithms of the interviews. The book prepares the candidate to pen down the brilliant algorithms in the form of flawless codes that would just get the right attention from the major tech giants. The book guides the readers on how to break the codes and algorithms into bits and pieces and uncover the hidden techniques to manage those broken shells back into one. Covering more than 189 programming interview questions peeled off from the best interviews around the world, this is the must-have book for all the CS students.
Apart from coding questions, this book also covers behavioral round questions and system design round questions.


The trick in solving the design patterns questions is to look through the history of software problem-solving techniques and to study them and apply. Wrapping up all the struggles of software design problems with truly trusted and tested techniques “Head First Design Patterns: A Brain-Friendly Guide” brings to you the best developers approach to create optimum, elegant and flexible software for the real world. Scripted with some best and successful experiences in the field of system and software designing, the book takes the user through the journey of producing the best real-time software and multi-sensory learning experience. The book is crafted with the latest research and cognitive science to make the learning easy and interesting.

amzn_assoc_ad_type ="responsive_search_widget"; amzn_assoc_tracking_id ="geeksforgeeks-21"; amzn_assoc_marketplace ="amazon"; amzn_assoc_region ="IN"; amzn_assoc_placement =""; amzn_assoc_search_type = "search_widget";amzn_assoc_width ="auto"; amzn_assoc_height ="auto"; amzn_assoc_default_search_category =""; amzn_assoc_default_search_key ="programming interview";amzn_assoc_theme ="light"; amzn_assoc_bg_color ="FFFFFF"; 
You can also take part in our mock placement contest (Sudo Placement) which will start from 10th July 2018 and will be conducted weekly. 
Register for Sudo Placement
