Practo Technologies Private Limited provides a doctor discovery portal to enable users get their healthcare queries answered in real time by doctors in India, Brazil, Singapore, Indonesia, and the Philippines. It offers Practo Ray, a doctor-facing practice management software sold as a subscription-based and Software-as-a-Service product; and Practo Reach, a sponsored listing service for hospitals and clinics. The company was founded in 2008 and is based in Bengaluru, India.
In 2018, Practo won consumer internet comopany of the year in VCCircle Awards. The winner was decided by an eminent jury chaired by Arun Duggal, chairman of rating agency, ICRA. Know more about Practo

Practo conducts 4-5 rounds to select freshers in their organisation.
Academic Criteria :
Written Round :
The Written round is a programming round, generally conducted on hackerRank. To clear this round you must be well prepared with data structres and algorithms. 
System Design Round: 
In this round, you have to make design of an app with provided requirements. This round is to test code quality and appraoch.
Technical Rounds:
The students who clear the system design round are called for Technical Interview. To clear this round you should be clear with your basics. You should be prepared with Data structures and Algorithms, DBMS, Operating System. You should be well prepared with system design problems. Students will be expected to write codes in the interview. You should be well prepared with the desiging problems. They also ask questions from resume and discussion on projects you have done.  Be thorough with your resume and the projects you do, it matters a lot. You may be asked puzzles in this round. To be prepared for puzzles you can practice from our Puzzles section.
Tips
1. Understand the question completely and thoroughly
2. Try to be as interactive with interviewers as possible.
3. Be clear how you will proceed before you start writing your code.
4. Check your code for errors and bugs before you present it to the interviewer, its never a good idea
   to present a code with errors & bugs because they will always find the smallest bugs in your code.
5. Before you start writing code, tell them what are all the possible solutions and which one you are
   choosing and why.
6. Questions are mainly based on data structures and problem solving ability
7. Don’t mention that you don’t know.
8. Practice Dynamic Programming as much as you can.
HR Round
You can expect general HR questions like :
1. Tell me about Yourself
2. Why Practo ?
3. How you see yourself after five years from now ?
4. What are your strengths and weaknesses ?
5. Questions form resume
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.

