Qualcomm visited for both Full time and Internship profiles for both hardware as well as software profiles.
Round 1
1st Round was an online MCQ test conducted by HirePro, it consisted of 60 questions.
First 20 questions were basic aptitude questions followed by 20 questions on basic programming. The last 20 questions were based on your preference (Computer Science/Electronics). If computer science was chosen, certain moderate to advanced questions were asked on pointers, OS, trees, etc.
Around 500 people sat for the test out of which 86 were shortlisted for interviews.
Round 2
This was a technical interview. The topics discussed depended on the type of profile the candidate had chosen (Software/Hardware/Both). As I had chosen Software profile. the questions were geared towards computer science concepts. 
Questions asked:
1. Explain project in detail.
2. Implementation of Queues using linked list.
3. Difference between single linked list and double linked list (in-depth analysis).
4. What is stackoverflow and when does it occur. How to handle it.
5. Applications of stacks.
6. What is the most efficient process scheduling algorithm and why.
7. Given 4 points, arrange them in such a way so that all 4 points are equidistant from each other.
The interview lasted for about 30-45 min.
Round 3
This was also a technical interview.
Questions asked:
1. Draw the process state diagram.
2. Given a binary tree, check whether it is a binary search tree (cover all corner cases).
3. Data Analysis based question (Given a use case, come up with a solution as to how you would draw insights from the data). I was asked this question as my area of interest lied in machine learning and data science (Very specific to the area of interest of the candidate). The problem required the knowledge of the functioning of mobile devices, machine learning and highly scalable storage data structures. 
The interview lasted for about 30 min.
Round 4
This was an HR interview. Questions were asked to check whether the candidate had clarity of mind and wasn’t fickle minded. Usual HR questions related to the best project so far, location preferences, etc were asked.
The entire process took place for an entire day starting from 10.00 a.m. to 10.00 p.m.
The results were declared at around 10 p.m. 14 offers were made for both hardware and software combined.

