RBS recently came for recruitment to our campus
Round 1: ( 2hrs + 40 mins)
RBS conducts its first round via the eLitmus test. There are two papers for this round. Both the papers have negative marking. So be careful in choosing questions.
Paper 1:
This consists of 60 questions and three sections. Each section has 20 questions. Quantitative aptitude, Logical Reasoning and Verbal Ability. The difficulty rate is High, Moderate and Easy for the three sections respectively.  The following site might be of help : http://allaboutelitmus.blogspot.in/2014/07/elitmus-syllabus-and-question-paper.html
Paper 2:
This paper consists of 30 questions.  It covers data structures, DBMS and C questions such finding error and finding the output for the given code. Data structures include Binary trees and AVL trees.
27 were shortlisted for the next round. The further rounds were on September 28th,2016.
Round 2: (Group Discussion)
The time limit for the discussion was 25 minutes. Each team consisted of 8 people. The topic was “Net Neutrality and Free Basics in India”. A detailed description about the topic was given in a paper. Each person was asked to present their ideas from a given role. For example, the role given to me was CEO of Verizon Communications(DP). Other roles were Start-up Entrepreneur, consumer representative, etc. 
Round 3: (Written test – 20 mins)
There were two questions. First question was to write an algorithm to convert binary number to decimal number. Second question was to draw UML class diagram for a given scenario.
Round 4: (Personal Interview – 1 hour)
The interview went smooth and the interviewer was very friendly. There were typical HR questions like “where do you see yourself in 5 years?”, “why did I choose IT?” , “who was my inspiration?”, etc. Then I was asked to explain the algorithm and UML diagram from the previous round. Then there were managerial questions based on different scenarios.
None of the last three rounds are eliminative processes.
Finally 9 people were selected from 27. 
