Kronos Incorporated is a U.S.- based multi-national workforce management software and services company headquartered in Lowell, Massachusetts, United States, and employing more than 5, 000 people worldwide.
Kronos was founded in 1977 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Simon Business School alumnus Mark S. Ain. Under Mark Ain’s leadership, Kronos sustained one of the longest records of growth and profitability as a public company in software industry history.
In 2018, Kronos was ranked #28 in America’s Best Midsize Employers list by Fortune. Also, in 2018, Fortune and Great Place to Work named Kronos a best workplace in technology. In 2017, Glassdoor ranked Kronos a Top 100 Best place to work.  Know more about Kronos

Kronos conducts 3-4 rounds to select freshers as Software Engineer in their organisation.
Academic Criteria :
Written Round :
The Written round consists of two sections. One is aptitude and the other is techinal (MCQ Based, generally). To clear this round you must be well prepared with C++ basics, output based questions.
Technical Round :
The students who clear the written round are called for Technical Interview. To clear this round you should be clear with your basics. You should be prepared very well with subjects of your interest. You should be well prepared with C++, operating system, database, data-struture and algorithms. Students will be expected to write codes in the interview. You can expect discussion on the projects you mentioned in the resume. You may be asked puzzles in this round. To be prepared for puzzles you can practice from our Puzzles section.
HR Round :
You can expect general HR questions like :
1. Tell me about yourself
2. Questions from presentation
3. Kronos should hire you?
4. If you were not an engineer than what would you have been?
5. Will you go for hire studies?
6. Puzzles
7. Is internship necessary?
8. Other than you who is most deserving candidate?
Tips
1. Don’t miss the presentation.
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.

