Bloomberg L.P. is a privately held financial software, data, and media company headquartered in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. Bloomberg L.P. was founded by Michael Bloomberg in 1981. Bloomberg L.P. provides financial software tools such as an analytics and equity trading platform, data services, and news to financial companies and organizations through the Bloomberg Terminal (via its Bloomberg Professional Service), its core revenue-generating product.Bloomberg L.P. also includes a wire service (Bloomberg News), a global television network (Bloomberg Television), digital websites, a radio station (WBBR), subscription-only newsletters, and three magazines: Bloomberg Businessweek, Bloomberg Markets, and Bloomberg Pursuits.
Bloomberg was placed at rank #225 in America’s Best Employers for Diversity list, #29 in America’s Largest Private Companies list, and #150 in America’s Best Employers list by Forbes.  Know more about Bloomberg

Bloomberg conducts 3-4 rounds to select freshers as Software Development Engineer in their organisation.
Academic Criteria :
Telephonic Interview Round :
First round Bloomberg conduct is telephonic round. They schedule your interview through a mail. This is 1:1 round. This round is HR Round generally.
Video Conference Interview :
After clearing Telephonic Interview, there is video conference interview. This is 2:1 round. You can expect HR questions as well as technical questions in this round. 
Technical Round :
The students who clear the video conference round are called for Technical Interview. This round can be on video or on-sight. To clear this round you should be clear with your basics. You should be prepared with Data structures and Algorithms. Students will be expected to write codes in the interview. They also ask questions from resume. You may be asked puzzles in this round. To be prepared for puzzles you can practice from our Puzzles section.
HR Round :
You can expect HR questions like :
1. Why Bloomberg?
2. What is your expectation from Bloomberg?
3. Why did you chose Computer Science as your area of major?
4. What is one project that you are proud of delivering?
5. What is one project in which you have failed?
6. What would you change if you are given a chance to work again on the project you have failed?
7. What is the most frustrating thing about your current organisation?
8. Tell the pros and cons of the companies you have worked in?
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.
This article is contributed by Amit Khandelwal.                                         


