Treebo Hotels is India’s third largest hotel chain and operates in the budget segment of the hospitality industry, which is estimated to be around $20B in size. Treebo operates on a franchise model and emphasizes tight quality control. As of April 2018, Treebo Hotels operates 400+ hotels in 80+ Indian cities. Treebo competes with FabHotels and Oyo Rooms.
Treebo Hotels was founded in June 2015 by Sidharth Gupta, Rahul Chaudhary, and Kadam Jeet Jain with the aim of providing high-quality hospitality in the unorganized and fragmented budget segment of this industry. It is headquartered in Bengaluru, India.
In 2017, Treebo Hotel won the title of Best Budget Hotel iat Lonely Planet Travel and Lifestyle Leadership Awards. In 2016, Treebo Hotel won the BW Young Enterpreneur Award.   Know more about Treebo

Treebo conducts 5 rounds to select freshers as Software Engineer in their organisation.
Academic Criteria :
Written Round :
They generally conduct coding round on hacker earth. To clear this round you must be well prepared with data strutures and algorithms. You should know tree, graphs, dynamic programming.
Tips
1. Write complete and bug-free code.
2. Check for boundary cases.
3. Write clean code.
Technical Round :
The students who clear the written round are called for Technical Interview. To clear this round you should be clear with your basics. You should be prepared very well with subjects of your interest. You should be well prepared with Java, operating system, database, data-struture and algorithms. You should know about the topics like session, cookies, multi-threading, etc. Students will be expected to write codes in the interview. You can expect discussion on the projects you mentioned in the resume. You may be asked puzzles in this round. To be prepared for puzzles you can practice from our Puzzles section.
System Design Round
In this round, you are provided with some requirements and you have to design an application to for those requirements. This round is to test code quality and appraoch. Write clean code.
CTO Round :
You can expect discussion on resume, problems related to database, and general HR questions like : 
1. Tell me about yourself
2. Why you want to join Start-up like Treebo even you have other companies also?
3. How you see yourself after five years from now ?
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.

