FactSet Research Systems Inc., trading as FactSet, is a financial data and software company headquartered in Norwalk, CT, United States. The company provides financial information and analytic software for investment professionals
FactSet offers access to data and analytics to analysts, portfolio managers, and investment bankers at global financial institutions. The company does not offer products for individual investors. FactSet’s business focuses on technology and client service. In addition to combining disparate databases, the company also develops its software. FactSet provides clients with consultants, telephone support, and training.
In 2017, FactSet was ranked #89 in Fourtune’s Top 100 Companies To Work For list, ranked #181 in Forbes list of America’s Best Midsize Employers. Know more about FactSet

FactSet conducts 4 rounds to select freshers as Software Engineer in their organisation.
Academic Criteria :
Written Round :
They generally conduct coding round on pen and paper. To clear this round you must be well prepared with data strutures and algorithms. You should know tree, graphs, dynamic programming.
Tips
1. Write complete and bug-free code.
2. Check for boundary cases.
3. Write clean code.
Technical Round :
The students who clear the written round are called for Technical Interview. To clear this round you should be clear with your basics.You should be well prepared with database and data-struture and algorithms. Students will be expected to write codes in the interview. You can expect discussion on the projects you mentioned in the resume. You may be asked puzzles in this round. To be prepared for puzzles you can practice from our Puzzles section.
Tips:
1) Stay confident.
2) Never seem to look confused.
3) Take your time but speak with authority.
4) It is better to avoid telling a term about which you don’t have proper knowledge.
5) Make sure you make it a point to tell the interviewer about your strengths and what you are best at.
HR Round :
You can expect discussion on resume, and general HR questions like :
1. Questions about your projects.
2. Questions about your internship.
3. Where do you see yourself after 3 years ?
4. Do you want to go for higher studies ?
5. Are you willing to relocate to Hyderabad ?
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.

