About the Company:
Morgan Stanley is an American multinational investment bank and financial services company headquartered at 1585 Broadway in the Morgan Stanley Building, Midtown Manhattan, New York City. With offices in more than 42 countries and more than 55, 000 employees, the firm’s clients include corporations, governments, institutions and individuals. The original Morgan Stanley, formed by J.P. Morgan & Co. partners Henry Sturgis Morgan (grandson of J.P. Morgan), Harold Stanley and others, came into existence on September 16, 1935, in response to the Glass–Steagall Act that required the splitting of commercial and investment banking businesses. In its first year, the company operated with a 24% market share (US$1.1 billion) in public offerings and private placements. The main areas of business for the firm today are institutional securities, wealth management and investment management. Morgan Stanley was named one of the 100 Best Companies for Working Mothers in 2004 by Working Mothers magazine. Morgan Stanley is listed in The Times Top 100 Graduate Employers, only recently dropping out of the top 40. The Times listed Morgan Stanley 5th in its 20 Best Big Companies to Work For 2006 list. Morgan Stanley has been operating in India for over 20 years, providing a variety of services to domestic and international clients. The Firm has a premier institutional securities platform in India, offering a full range of investment banking, capital markets, equities, fixed income, commodities and derivative products, as well as research.
Know more on Morgan Stanley India >>

Recruitment Process:
Morgan Stanley conducts around 6 rounds
Written Round:
This round runs for about 1 hour 30 minutes and consists of two sections: 
Programming Round:
The second round is the coding round where questions are mainly from data structures and algorithms. There can be 4 to 5 questions and may last from 45 minutes to 1 hour.
Technical Rounds:
These consist of face to face rounds with the interviewer and to pass through these round one should have good knowledge regarding the facts mentioned in the CV. The questions are generally asked from the projects, internships or training mentioned in the CV. Following this one should be well known with the course related subjects like Data Structure, Algorithms, Operating System, Networking, Database Management etc. Mostly algorithms and language related questions are asked along with the student’s skills and weaknesses.
Group Activity:
The interviewees are divided into groups and can be given tasks like come up with a story from a picture on a particular theme or building something out of the LEGO blocks. This round is pretty interesting and tests the teamwork capability of each student.
Technical Round:
This round is an advanced form of first technical round and tests the student for a deep knowledge of the concepts of algorithms, data structure and technical subjects. Also, the round involves questions on System Designing. Questions are also made on the projects and internships mentioned in the CV. Database Management System is to be focused at the very detail. Few questions asked are:
Technical-cum-HR Round:
This round deals less with the technical questions but more with the HR questions like:
Questions asked in Morgan Staney:
Few Interview Experiences:
Where To Apply:
Career at Morga Stanley 1 >>
Career at Morga Stanley 2 >>
