
About Company:
Flipkart Pvt Ltd. is an Indian electronic commerce company based in Bengaluru, India. Founded by Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal (no blood relation) in 2007, the company initially focused on book sales, before expanding into other product categories such as consumer electronics, fashion, and lifestyle products.
The service competes primarily with Amazon’s Indian subsidiary and the domestic rival Snapdeal. As of 2017, Flipkart held a 39.5% market share of India’s e-commerce industry. Flipkart is significantly dominant in the sale of apparel (a position that was bolstered by its acquisitions of Myntra and Jabong.com), and was described as being “neck and neck” with Amazon in the sale of electronics and mobile phones. Flipkart also owns PhonePe, a mobile payments service based on the Unified Payments Interface (UPI).
Know more about Flipkart >>

Recruitment Process:
Flipkart conducts around 4 rounds to select freshers as SDE in their organization. The following rounds are conducted:
Online Coding Round/ Telephonic round:
The online round is hosted on Hackerrank and the candidates are presented with around 3 coding questions, of which 2 are easy and 1 is hard. The number of questions may vary the difficulty distribution is same. The whole round is around 60 minutes long. Problems are generally based on recursion, strings, trees and graphs.
Technical Round 1:
Personal interview round which largely consists of algorithmic problems on DS like graphs, dp, matrices and strings. Many times puzzles are also asked, though standard puzzles, some variation maybe there. A strong understanding of data structures is needed to pass this round.
Technical Round 2:
This round generally is a machine coding round, in which a particular problem is given whose solution is to be built from scratch in any language of choice, ex: job scheduling problem, implementing a complete text line editor with specified features. The round is of ~90 mins and a complete working code with error handling is expected at the end.
Hiring Manager round:
This round mainly consists of hard algorithmic and DS related problems, mostly from trees, graphs and linked lists, along with the discussion of your projects, the technologies used in them, the problems faced etc. Some conceptual problems related to OS are also asked.
HR Round:
You can expect HR questions like :
1. Tell about yourself.
2. Your shortcomings and strengths.
3. Discussion regarding your post in the company
Questions asked in Flipkart:
More >>

Interview Experiences:
Flipkart interview experience | SDE 1
Flipkart interview experience | SDE 1
Flipkart interview experience | SDE 1
Read all Flipkart Interview experiences
Where to apply?
Flipkart Careers
