The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is an American multinational investment bank and financial services company headquartered in New York City. Apart from investment banking, it offers services in investment management, securities, asset management, prime brokerage, and securities underwriting.
As a “Bulge Bracket” bank, it is one of the largest investment banking enterprises in the world. It is considered a primary dealer in the United States Treasury security market and more generally, a prominent market maker. The bank owns a direct bank known as Goldman Sachs Bank USA through which it maintains its online banking presence. Goldman Sachs was founded in 1869 and is headquartered at 200 West Street in Lower Manhattan with additional offices in other international financial centres.
Goldman Sachs Engineers are innovators and problem-solvers, building solutions in risk management, big data, mobile and more. It says:
Our Engineers build and deploy the innovations that drive our business and financial markets worldwide.

Recruitment Process:
Goldman Sachs conducts 4 to 5 rounds to select the freshers as SDE in their organisation:
Online or The Hackerrank Round:
The online round is held on the Hackerrank platform and generally consists of three sections and user is allowed to switch between the sections.
The Coderpad Round:
The CoderPad Round is a coding round in which live coding is held in which the screen is shared between the student and the interviewer who will be on call with the student. The round lasts for about 1 hour and the interviewer may ask one to two questions depending on the time frame. Few questions asked are:
Telephonic Round
In this round, the interviewer asks questions over the phone, testing the students’ technical skills, related to course subjects, programming, System Designing and Algorithms.
Technical Rounds:
These consist of the face to face rounds with the interviewer where questions are asked regarding the facts and points mentioned in the resume. Questions are generally asked from the projects, internships or training mentioned in the CV. Subjects that interest the interviewer mostly are Data Structure, Algorithms, Operating System, Networking, Database Management etc. Students will be tested of his or her in-depth knowledge in all aspects of domains related to Computer Science and his or her interests.  Students can also be expected to write codes in the interview.
Technical-cum HR Round:
This round deals less with less technical questions and more with the HR questions like:
Questions asked in Goldman Sachs:


Few Interview Experiences:
Where To Apply:
Careers at Goldman Sachs for Engineers
