Fiberlink (Pvt) Ltd is a Data Network Operator & ISPs in Pakistan. The Company was started in 2008 and has grown rapidly since, with a well deserved reputation for excellent customer service. They focus on delivering highly reliable Internet & Data connectivity solutions for thier clients, at a competitive price point. Their aim is to be the number one choice for internet & data connectivity, and our growth to date has demonstrated our commitment to the goal. Fiberlink, provides cloud based mobile management and security solutions for devices, email, applications, and content. Fiberlink’s MaaS360 products are used by thousands of organizations around the world to enable their mobility initiatives and protect corporate data. IBM acquired Fiberlink in 2013.
Know more about Fiberlink

Fiberlink conducts 6-7 rounds to select freshers as Software Engineer in their organisation.
Academic Criteria :
Online Round :
The online round is a programming round. This round is generally condcuted on hackerrank. To clear this round you must be well prepared with data structres and algorithms.
Technical Rounds :
The students who clear the online round are called for Technical Interview. To clear this round you should be clear with your basics. You should be prepared with computer fundamentals, design patterns, Data structures and Algorithms, DBMS, Operating System, multi-threading. You should be well prepared with system design problems. Students will be expected to write codes in the interview. They also ask questions from resume. They frequently ask questions about your previous projects. You may be asked puzzles in this round. To be prepared for puzzles you can practice from our Puzzles section.
Tips
1. Understand the question completely and thoroughly
2. Try to be as interactive with interviewers as possible.
3. Be clear how you will proceed before you start writing your code.
6. Questions are mainly based on data structures and problem solving ability
7. Don’t mention that you don’t know.
HR Round
You can expect general HR questions like :
1. Tell me about Yourself
2. Why Fiberlink ?
3. What do you expect from this job ?
4. What are your strengths and weaknesses ?
5. how comfortable are you relocating ?
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.

