
About Company:
Amazon is an American electronic commerce and cloud computing company based in Seattle, Washington that was founded by Jeff Bezos on July 5, 1994. The tech giant is the largest Internet retailer in the world as measured by revenue and market capitalization, and second largest after Alibaba Group in terms of total sales. The amazon.com website started as an online bookstore and later diversified to sell video downloads/streaming, audiobook downloads/streaming, software, video games, electronics, food, toys, and jewelry. The company also produces consumer electronics—Kindle e-readers and Echo — and is the world’s largest provider of cloud infrastructure services (IaaS and PaaS). Amazon also sells certain low-end products under its in-house brand AmazonBasics.
In 2015, Amazon surpassed Walmart as the most valuable retailer in the United States by market capitalization. Amazon is the fourth most valuable public company in the world (behind only Apple, Alphabet, and Microsoft), the largest Internet company by revenue in the world, and after Walmart, the second largest employer in the United States.
Know more about Amazon >>

Recruitment Process:
Amazon conducts 5-6 rounds to select freshers as SDE (SDE-1) in their organization. The following rounds are conducted:
Written Round:
The Written round majorly consists of two sections namely Aptitude / Logical Test and technical test. The technical test contains questions mainly from C, C++, Operating System, Data Structure, inheritance, functions. Generally in MCQ format with a given time frame of about 30 minutes.
Online Coding Round:
This round is hosted online and the candidates are presented with 3-4 coding questions, the questions are of intermediate difficulty, mainly from Arrays, strings, and matrices.
To clear this round, one should have a strong understanding of these data structures.
Telephonic Round:
This round is purely algorithmic based with around 2-4 questions ranging from arrays, trees, to dynamic programming problems. You are to present algorithm and in some questions, the code also if necessary. Apt candidates are selected for further rounds.
Technical Round 1:
Technical rounds are face-to-face algorithmic rounds in which candidates are presented with 2-4 questions, all from data structures. The most commonly asked DSs are the matrix, binary tree, BST, Linked list.
Technical Round 2:
Same as previous round, however the difficulty is increased and more questions from Trees, BST, and Tries are asked. One should have a clear knowledge of tree-based recursion, and the standard questions based on it are a must.
Hiring Manager Round:
This is generally the most technical-intensive round, with questions ranging from the projects you have done, the technology used in them, design problems and DS/Algo problems and tricky puzzle-like questions.
HR Round:
You can expect HR questions like :
1. Tell me about Yourself, your family
2. How do you see yourself five years from now?
3. What are your strengths and weaknesses?
4. Some technical questions can also be asked from topics like OOPs.
Questions asked in Amazon:
More>>

Interview Experiences:
Amazon interview experience | SDE 1
Amazon interview experience | SDE 1
Amazon interview experience | SDE 1
Read all Amazon Interview experiences
Where to apply?
Amazon Careers
