Swiggy is a food ordering and delivery company based out of Bangalore, India. Swiggy was inspired by the thought of providing a complete food ordering and delivery solution from the best neighbourhood restaurants to the urban foodie. A single window for ordering from a wide range of restaurants, they have their own exclusive fleet of delivery personnel to pickup orders from restaurants and deliver it to customers. In 2017, Swiggy won ET Startup of the Year Award.  Know more about Swiggy

Swiggy conducts 5-6 rounds to select freshers as Software Engineer in their organisation.
Academic Criteria :
Written Round :
The Written round is a programming round. It may be online or offline. To clear this round you must be well prepared with data structres and algorithms.
Tips :
1. Write complete and bug-free  code.
2. Check for boundary cases.
3. Write clean code.
Technical Round :
The students who clear the written round are called for Technical Interview. To clear this round you should be clear with your basics. You should be prepared very well with Data structures and Algorithms, DBMS and Operating System as they deep-dive on domain expertise or problem-solving. You should be well prepared with system design problems. Students will be expected to write codes in the interview. YOu can expect discussion on the projects you mentioned in the resume. They frequently ask questions about your previous projects. Some of technical interviews may also be conducted on skype, where you could be asked to code online. You may be asked puzzles in this round. To be prepared for puzzles you can practice from our Puzzles section.
Design Round :
This round is conducted to check the quality of your code. In this round, you may be asked to desgin a system with some requirements provided.
HR Round :
You can expect general HR questions like :
1. Tell me about yourself
2. Why you want to join Start-up like Swiggy even you have other companies also?
3. How you see yourself after five years from now ?
4. What are your strengths and weaknesses ?
5. Discussion about work, challenges, ownership, why swiggy ?
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.
