Fab is an e-commerce company founded in 2010. In March 2015, the digital and ecommerce assets of Fab were acquired by PCH International for an undisclosed sum and has since been relaunched as a new entity with no interaction from the original founders. Fab was originally headquartered in Manhattan and operated a warehouse in Keasbey, New Jersey. The company once had office locations in Pune (India), and Berlin.
Fab made its first acquisition in January 2012 when it purchased independent fashion retailer FashionStake.In February 2012, Fab purchased German flash sales website Casacanda. Four months later they acquired UK company Llustre Know more about Fab.com

Fab.com conducts 6-7 rounds to select freshers as Software Engineer in their organisation.
Academic Criteria :
Telephonic Rounds :
Telephonic consists of discussion around resume- your previous projects, prior experience etc. To clear this round you must be well prepared with data structres and algorithms along with your resume.
Tips :
1. Mention only that you know thoroughly, in resume.
2. Listen the qusetion carefully.
3. Find a good location with no noise.
4. It may also be a skype round, check your system sounds prior to the call.   
Technical Rounds :
The students who clear the written round are called for Technical Interview. To clear this round you should be clear with your basics. You should be prepared with Data structures and Algorithms, and DBMS. You should be well prepared with system design problems. Students will be expected to write codes in the interview. They also ask questions from resume. They frequently ask questions about your previous projects. You may be asked puzzles in this round. To be prepared for puzzles you can practice from our Puzzles section.
Tips:
1. Project a Positive Attitude.
2. Understand the question completely and thoroughly
3. Try to be as interactive with interviewers as possible.
4. Be clear how you will proceed before you start writing your code.
5. Check your code for errors and bugs before you present it to the interviewer, its never a good idea
   to present a code with errors & bugs because they will always find the smallest bugs in your code.
6. Before you start writing code, tell them what are all the possible solutions and which one you are
   choosing and why.
7. Questions are mainly based on data structures and problem solving ability
8. Don’t mention that you don’t know.
HR Round
You can expect general HR questions like :
1. Tell me about Yourself
2. History of Fab.com
3. Things you have that you really proud of
4. What is the ultimate aim of your life?
5. Questions form resume
CTO Round
In this round you can expect questions related to Fab.com, related to your life such as :
1. Inclination towards Fab and why do you want to join
2. Describe your life in a true Bollywood Style.
3. Mistakes you have done.
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.

