Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company is an American multinational enterprise information technology company based in Palo Alto, California, founded on 1 November 2015 as part of splitting of the Hewlett-Packard company. HPE is a business-focused organization with two divisions: Enterprise Group, which works in servers, storage, networking, consulting and support, and Financial Services. The company was founded in 1939 in United States.
HP is placed at position #271 in Forbes’ Global 2000 list, #101 in America’s Top Public Companies list, #42 in World’s Most Valuable Brands list, #275 in Canada’s Best Employers list, #96 in Global 2000 list(2015), #17 in Tech Rank list. Also, HP is placed at #61 in Fortune 500 list.  Know more about HP

HP conducts 4-5 rounds to select freshers as a software developer in their organisation.
Academic Criteria :
Written Round :
The Written round consists of three major sections namely General Aptitude Test and Verbal Ability Test and Technical Test. General Aptitude Test, has mathematical reasoning part and logical reasoning part and verbal ability Test. 
Technical Rounds:
The students who clear the written round are called for Technical Interview. To clear this round you should be clear with your basics. You should be prepared with Data structures and Algorithms, DBMS, Operating System, Networking, OOPs concepts. Students from branches other than CS should prepare for other two subjects related to their branch. Students will be expected to write codes in the interview. They also ask questions from resume. You may be asked puzzles in this round. To be prepared for puzzles you can practice from our Puzzles section.
Tips :
1. Don’t mention anything on the CV which you cannot defend.
2. Do not mention any term which you don’t know about, the interviewers quickly catch it and asks question about it.
HR / Managerial Round
You can expect general HR questions in this round like:
1. Tell me about Yourself
2. Why HP ?
3. How you see yourself after five years from now ?
4. What are your strengths and weaknesses ?
5. What are your failures?
6. Any plan for higher studies?
7. Questions form resume
Tips :
1. Always learn about the company before the interviews.
2. Always ask the interviewer questions if asked to.
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.


