Capgemini SE is a French multinational professional services and business consulting corporation headquartered in Paris, France. It provides IT services and is one of the world’s largest IT consulting, outsourcing and professional services companies with over 200, 000 employees in over 40 countries, of whom nearly 100, 000 are in India. It was founded in 1967 by Serge Kampf in Grenoble, France. Paul Hermelin has been chairman and CEO of the Capgemini group since his appointment in December 2001. 
Capgemini was placed at #665 in Forbes’ list of The World’s Largest Public Companies, at #233 Top Multinational Performers and at #391 in World’s Best Employers.  
Capgemini conducts 4 rounds to select freshers as Software Engineer in their organisation.
Academic Criteria :
Aptitude and Essay Round :
Aptitude round consists of 3 sections namely Quantitative reasoning, logical reasoning and essay writing section. This round is generally conducted on Cocubes.
Technical Aptitude Round :
The students who clear the quantity round are called for Technical Aptitude Round. To clear this round you should be clear with your basics. You should be prepared with Data structures and Algorithms, DBMS, Operating System. 
Technical Round
To clear this round you should be clear with your basics. You should be prepared with Data structures and Algorithms, DBMS, Operating System. Students will be expected to write codes in the interview. They also ask questions from resume. They frequently ask questions about your previous projects. You may be asked puzzles in this round. To be prepared for puzzles you can practice from our Puzzles section.
Tips
1. Try to be as interactive with interviewers as possible.
2. Before you start writing code, tell them what are all the possible solutions and which one you are
   choosing and why.
3. Don’t mention that you don’t know.
HR Round
You can expect general HR questions like :
1. Tell me about Yourself
2. Why Capgemini?
3. How you see yourself after five years from now?
4. What are your strengths and weaknesses?
5. Questions form resume
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.

