I have recently attended an interview with Salesforce Hyderabad, for SDE-I position. There are 5 rounds in total, all are technical.
I. Programming Round:
1. Find the diameter of a binary treeHere the diameter is maximum number of nodes possible in the tree, formed by two leaf nodes.
It can pass through the root or need not be.
2. Rotate an m by m matrix by 90 degrees.
3. Given an array containing positive and negative numbers, find all the sub arrays in it, whose sum is equal to zero.
Solution: Maintain hashmap and insert the sum till now for every element and its index position –> HashMap
For each element, check the following 3 cases:
a) whether the element is “zero” ==> start and end indices both are “current index”
b) whether the sum is “zero” ==> start index is 0 and end index is “current index”
c) whether the sum is already present ==> start index is “map.get(sum)+1”, end index is “current index”
II. Technical Round 1:
1. Given a time in hours and minutes, find the angle between hours and minutes pointers in analog clock.
2. Given two arrays of equal size. First Array represents in the arrival timings of trains and second array represents the departure timings of the same trains.
Now with the above two arrays data, give the number of platforms required to accommodate the trains.
3. Given an array containing integers, in which the elements are repeated multiple times.
Now sort the array wrt the frequency of numbers. 
4. Write code for Deadlock in Multi Threading.
III. Technical Round 2:
Given a url containing the domain name and product it, like:www.amazon.in/pid=1234
By passing this url to utility functions, you can get all information about it.
getProductName(url) –> Gives you the product name
getProductPrice(url) –> Gives you the price of the product
getRelatedProducts(url) –> Other products related to the current product, in which also user might be interested.
Now given a product url, print the information about it completely, including all its related products.
What is the data structure that you will consider to represent the above product data and write class structure for the same.
IV. Presentation Round:
A technical topic will be given and you have to speak on it in front of a group of 5-6 people.You will be given 1 hour of time to prepare, a system with internet.
You can present the topic either on board or with ppt also.
The aim of this round is to check the candidates learning capability on a new topic, his presentation skills.
The topic given to me is “Apache Flink”
Since I got mixed response for this round, they conducted another technical round.
V. Technical Round 3:
1. Design an LRU(Least Recently Used) Cache.
What is Cache and define LRU Cache?
What data structure do you use and what is the time complexity?
Solution: Take one hashmap and linked list
HashMap contains the key as data and value as its address in the linked list
Linked list will maintain the elements in their usage order, with the last used item at the start of the list.
This way the least recently used is at the end of the list always.
2. Explain about HashMap internal implementation and write code for the same.


