Samsung R&D Bangalore visited our campus. (Eligible branches – CSE & ECE). There were 4 rounds.
Round 1: 3hrs-Coding Round.
Round 2: 1st Technical Round.
Round 3: 2nd Technical Round.
Round 4: HR.
Round 1: Online Coding Round
This was a 3 hours coding round in which we had to code 1 problem having 10 test cases. Only those students were selected for the next round who passed all the test cases.
Note- You can compile your code as many numbers of times as you want, but a maximum of 5 submissions were allowed to test on the given test cases.
The question was similar to https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/bipartite-graph/. The only variation was to print either of the set of the vertices that are colored with the same color. And if the graph is not bipartite print “-1”. Test cases also included the cases when a graph is not connected.
After this round, 20 students were shortlisted.
Round 2: Technical Round 1
Before the start of the interview. The interviewer had thoroughly gone through my resume.
1) As I have mentioned MATLAB(Signal Processing) in my resume. He asked me about the physical relevance of Fourier transform. And, then asked me the basic concept of Fourier series.
2) Explain and give an example of a function pointer. And then told me to write function pointer for a function that takes an integer as a parameter and returns character.
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/function-pointer-in-c/
3) Make a pointer that can point to an array of integers. And, also asked to dynamically allocate a 2-d array.
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/pointer-array-array-pointer/
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dynamically-allocate-2d-array-c/
4) The difference between dynamic programming and divide and conquer. I explained it with the example of Fibonacci series and merge sort respectively.
5) What does a linker do? .And, then he asked me that if we don’t include the header file and use its function. What kind of error will it show?
6) Only the logic of the below-mentioned problem.
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/multiply-large-numbers-represented-as-strings/
7) Then, this question came up as a follow-up question. Asked the logic only.
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/divide-large-number-represented-string/
8) Tell me the hardest part you have done in your project. And, the reason why you considered it hard. He meant to know, the reason why you were struggling.
9)What is media access control and name the layers in OSI model?
10)As I have mentioned AWS-IoT in my resume. He asked me about the AWS-IoT and MQTT protocol.
Round 3: Technical Round 2
At the start, He asked me to introduce myself in 30 seconds mentioning only technical part.
1) Find a minimum number of coins that make a change. Only Dynamic Programming based solution.
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-minimum-number-of-coins-that-make-a-change/
2) How many ways we can make a change. Only Dynamic Programming based solution.
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dynamic-programming-set-7-coin-change/
3) Explain dangling pointer. And write a code to illustrate dangling pointer.
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dangling-void-null-wild-pointers/
4) An output question.

5) Collections in Java. Very basic. As I mentioned, Core Java in my resume.
6) Basic HTML. For example, where is script tag in HTML?
7) General discussion on how to design a smart city.
8) What technologies you have worked on. And what particular technology you look forward to work on.
Round 4: HR
1) Tell me about yourself.
2) What differentiates yourself from others.
3) What excites you about Samsung.
4) Whether you have worked on any of the Tech Buzzwords like ML, AI, IoT etc.
5) As I’m an ECE student, She asked me why are you looking for a software job and making the transition.
6)And then she asked me if I had any questions. I asked her a couple of questions and after that, she told me to wait for the results.
Tips: Know everything you have mentioned in the resume. And, as they will be checking your thought process. Never stop or give-up on any question.
