About Company:
Samsung, the first domestic engineering firm in Korean nation’s history has been now expanded in across 39 countries worldwide. The company has now broadened its business portfolio to a full range of engineering services; upstream and downstream hydrocarbon facilities; power plants; water and waste treatment plants; and industrial production facilities. Notable Samsung industrial subsidiaries(the world’s largest information technology company measured by 2012 revenues and 4th in market value). The company was founded in 1970, headquartered in Samsung Town, Seoul, South Korea. 
Samsung Electronics was ranked 7th in Interbrand’s “Best Global Brands 2016” with a brand value of $51, 808 million a 14 percent increase from 2015.
Know More About Samsung

Recruitment Process:
Samsung conducts 3-4 rounds to select freshers as a Software Engineer in their organisation.
Academic Criteria:
Coding Round:
This round is generally of 3 hours and usually consists of 1 programming question. The maximum number of submission allowed is usually restricted to 3-10 but you are allowed to compile your solution any number of times.
Basically, in this round is conducted to check your problem-solving skills on data structures.
Technical Interview 1:
The second round is a Technical Interview round. In this round, they generally ask questions on core computer subjects like Data Structures, OS, Computer Networks, DBMS etc. They also focus on Projects and Internships done during academics. You may be asked to explain the algorithm used to solve the question in the coding round.
Technical Interview 2:
The third round is also a Technical Round. In this round questions are asked related to your resume the Projects you have done so far. More questions on core subjects and some real life-based problems.
HR Round: 
This is the final round where you can expect questions like:
Frequently Asked Questions in Samsung:
Interview Experiences:
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.
Where to Apply?
