Samsung R&D Bangalore visited our campus (Eligible branches – CSE, ECE, EE, B.Tech/M.Tech with 7+ CGPA). There were 4 rounds:
Round 1: 3hrs Coding Round
Round 2: Pen-paper Coding Round
Round 3: Technical Round 1st
Round 4: Technical Round 2nd
Round 5: HR Round
Round 1 (Online Coding Round) – This was a 3 hours coding round in which we had to code 1 problem having 50 test cases. Only those students were selected for the next round who passed all the test cases.
Note – You can compile your code as many numbers of times as you want, but a maximum of 10 submissions were allowed to test on the given test cases.
Question: There was given total physical energy H and total distance D. Five pace information speed and corresponding physical energy was given. Find the minimum time that is required in order to complete total distance D making sure that some of the physical energy does not exceed H ( I don’t remember the question exactly, but it is something like this).
After this round, 20 students were shortlisted.
Round 2 (Pen-paper Coding Round) – This was pen and paper based coding round. We have to write the code and also calculate the time complexity.
Question: You have a bag containing only black and white balls . You pull out 2 balls. If the balls are of same color, then you replace them with a white ball – but if they are of different color, you replace them with a black ball. Once you take out the balls, you do not put them back in the bag – so the balls keep reducing. What would be the color of the last ball remaining in the bag.
This was not an elimination round.
Round 3 (Technical Round 1st) – Before the start of the interview. The interviewer had thoroughly gone through my resume.
Round 4 (Technical Round 2nd) – At the start, He asked me to introduce myself in 30 seconds mentioning only technical part.
This round was not good for me, I hardly answered 2-3 questions. But my previous rounds were excellent so they called me for the HR Round (don’t lose hope if one of your round is not so good).
Round 5 (HR Round) –
And then he asked me if I had any questions. I asked him three questions:
Tips : Know everything you have mentioned in the resume. And, as they will be checking your thought process. Never stop or give-up on any question. You must have deep knowledge of pointers.
If you clear the online coding round, there is 90% chance of selection.
Finally 8 students were selected and I was one of them.                                        



