Samsung Research institute Bangalore recently  visited our campus for Full timers.There were 4 rounds in total.
1) Online coding round
2) Technical round 1
3) Technical round 2
4) HR
Round 1: Online Coding round 
This was a 3 hours coding round in which we had to code 1 problem having 10 test cases. Only those students were selected for the next round who passed all the test cases.No STL allowed. Samsung have their own platform in which you have to code.Cocubes Team was there as invigilators.
The question was : Given a directed graph find if there is any cycle exists in the graph or not.  If there is no cycle then print -1 in a new line and if exists then print the number of nodes forming that  cycle and also print the nodes in sorted order of their values.
Tip : Be cool and calm in the exam hall because there will  be  more than enough time given, for  one question.
Note : You can compile your code as many number of times as you want, but a maximum of 5 submissions were allowed to test on the given test cases.
30 students were selected for the F2F Interviews.
Round 2: Technical Interview round-1
This round started around 11 am.
I also gave Operating Systems as my Interests but didn’t ask anything.
It lasted around 25-30 minutes. At last he told me that he is really impressed by my skills and asked my area of interest. I told him IOT.
18 out of 30 were selected for the next round.
Round 3: Technical Interview round-2

This Interviewer was also very friendly.He asked me about how was my previous round.Then started to ask questions.
All questions were easy as per my knowledge.
Tips : Don’t get nervous if you are taking some more time to think . Always ask for some more time. They will be checking your thought process. Even if the interviewer doesn’t wait for you and throws another question to you. Answer the new question but make sure that at the end, you ask for some extra two minutes for the skipped question. Don’t give up on any question.
Unfortunately, They didn’t call me for the H.R round.
Finally 7 students were selected .
