This is my interview experience for Developer Associate SAP Labs India from Early talent hiring event. It was referral Hiring.
Round-1 (Online)
We have received an email to attend an online written test which consists of 30 MCQs (Including logical, quantitative, reasoning) and 2 coding.
 
Round-2 (Technical Interview Round-1)
In this interview they have asked me very basic questions of OOP, DBMS, OS, DS and Puzzle.
Q-1) Tell me about yourself.
Q-2) What is OOP.
Q-3) What is abstraction and give an real life example.
Q-4) What is inheritance and its types. explain with example.
Q-5) Design a student-course-subject Schema. after that he asked me write a query using the schema I have designed.
Q-6) What process scheduling? give few scheduling name and explain them.
Q-7) What is thrashing?
Q-8) He asked me for my preferred language between java and python. why it is?
Q-9) then he asked me one puzzle which is “there is a room. Inside that room there are ant and sweet placed at diagonally opposite end. Find the shortest distance that ant needs to travel to get the sweet (Ants can’t fly)”.
Tips:- Be confident and you must be able to explain what are you thinking.
Round-3 (Technical Interview Round-2)
In this interview they have asked question on DBMS, Algo, DS.
Q-1) Write the binary search algorithm.
Q-2) What is ACID?
Q-3) what is deadlocks?
Q-4) what are linked list, double linked list and circular linked list?
Q-5) A puzzle which is “Two sand arcs which measures 7 min and 4 min each. Count 9 min using those two”.
Q-6) Little discussion about the projects
Tips :- You should be know each and everything about the resume.
Round-4 (Managerial Round)
Part-1) Manager asked me about my interest, family background and why I want to join SAP.
Part-2) They have asked me to discuss over URL management for browser.
Round-5 (HR Round)
Q-1) Tell me something about yourself.
Q-2) What will I bring from my previous company?
Q-3) Why SAP?
Q-4) My Current CTC
Q-5) What are your future plans related with further studies?
Tips:- Know yourself before any interview.
Be calm & answer politely.
