Snapdeal visited our campus recently and here’s my interview experience.
Round 1 (Online):
Same questions were asked in every NIT and test was on hackerrank. We had to do 22 MCQs and 3 coding problems which are as follows:
1) Given a string of parenthesis only, check if it’s valid  or not. https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/check-for-balanced-parentheses-in-an-expression/
2) Find next greater number with same set of digits. https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-next-greater-number-set-digits/
3) Given an array where each element is the money a person have and there is only Rs. 3 note. We need to check whether it is possible to divide the money equally among all the persons or not. If it is possible then find Minimum number of transactions needed.

Round 2 (Pen paper test):
Around 32 students were selected for a written coding round. 2 ques were asked in this round:
1) Print the power set of a given set. https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/power-set/
2) Output the no of binary strings of length n having no consecutive 0’s https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/count-number-binary-strings-without-consecutive-1s/
Round 3(F2F) :
16 students were selected for PI.
This round was basically focused on the technical part.
1) Tell me about yourself.
2) Little discussion on the project.
3) Find the LCA of a binary tree in place.
4) About virtual constructors and destructors.
5) Design a recommendation system as you see on e-commerce sites recommending the items for you to buy. You just have to tell the ideas and design the classes accordingly.
6) Design a product review system with posts being categorized as a review, question or an answer. Also consider the case of upvotes, downvotes, like, share, comment.
He was done after this and then I asked some questions.
ASK QUESTIONS. It shows that you are really interested in the company.
P.S- These ques were asked to my friends-
1) Given a dictionary you have to list the anagrams.
2) In array find sum closest to zero.
3) Knapsack and coin change problem.
4) In array find max product of three numbers.
5) DBMS queries on SELF JOIN and Cartesian Product.
 and standard geeksforgeeks questions were asked. Focus will be on time complexity.

Round 4:
I was called for 2nd PI within 5 minutes.
1) Which e-commerce site you normally purchase from and why?
2) If a shipment is changed in between i.e. product is replaced by say, a soap how will you tackle this problem?
Nothing technical was asked to me although be prepared with concepts of Threading.
This was actually more of a conversation than an interview. The interviewer was very friendly. We discussed the elements in and about Snapdeal.

Round 5(HR):
1) Tell me about yourself.
2) What is your real goal in life.
3) Your manager is being bossy. How will you tackle this situation.
4) Toughest challenge you faced in your college.
5) You are the favourite of your manager but others are being jealous. What will you do?
I would like to thank GeeksForGeeks which helped me to improve my knowledge and understanding of Data structures and Algorithms.
If  you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.


