C++ has in its definition a way to represent sequence of characters as an object of class. This class is called std:: string. String class stores the characters as a sequence of bytes with a functionality of allowing access to single byte character.
std:: string vs Character Array 
 
 
 
 
 
Operations on strings 
Input Functions
1. getline() :- This function is used to store a stream of characters as entered by the user in the object memory.
2. push_back() :- This function is used to input a character at the end of the string.
3. pop_back() :- Introduced from C++11(for strings), this function is used to delete the last character from the string.
Run on IDE
Input:
Output:
 
 Capacity Functions
3. capacity() :- This function returns the capacity allocated to the string, which can be equal to or more than the size of the string. Additional space is allocated so that when the new characters are added to the string, the operations can be done efficiently.
4. resize() :- This function changes the size of string, the size can be increased or decreased.
5.shrink_to_fit() :- This function decreases the capacity of the string and makes it equal to its size. This operation is useful to save additional memory if we are sure that no further addition of characters have to be made.
Run on IDE
Output:
 
 Iterator Functions
7. begin() :- This function returns an iterator to beginning of the string.
8. end() :- This function returns an iterator to end of the string.
9. rbegin() :- This function returns a reverse iterator pointing at the end of string.
10. rend() :- This function returns a reverse iterator pointing at beginning of string.
Run on IDE
Output:
 
Manipulating Functions
11. copy(“char array”, len, pos) :- This function copies the substring in target character array mentioned in its arguments. It takes 3 arguments, target char array, length to be copied and starting position in string to start copying.
12. swap() :- This function swaps one string with other.
Run on IDE
Output:
For more functions :
C++ string class and its applications
C++ String Class and its Applications | Set 2
