Teradata Corporation is a provider of database-related products and services and is placed at #30 on Forbes’.  Know more about Teradata

Teradata conducts 6-7 rounds to select freshers as C/C++ development and functional testing in their organisation.
Academic Criteria :
Written Round :
For Written round, they generally select students on the basis of CGPA. The written consists of technical test which consists of questions from operating system, C, C++, Data Structures and algorithms.
Technical Rounds :
The students who clear the written round are called for Technical Interview. To clear this round you should be clear with your basics. You should be prepared with Data structures and Algorithms and database. Students will be expected to write codes in the interview. They also ask questions from resume. You may be asked puzzles in this round. To be prepared for puzzles you can practice from our Puzzles section.
Technical Round – Machine learning
This is an optional round which they conduct on requirement basis. They invite those candidates who have previous experience with ML to this interview. 
Manager Round : 
You can expect HR questions along with technical questions in this round like :
1. where do you want to see yourself in 5 years and 10 years
2. Some questions about the resume projects(bit technical)
3. Why did you apply for ML profile too?
4. Other basic HR questions. 
HR Round :
You can expect HR questions like :
1. Tell me about yourself, your family and your education.
2. What are your hobbies?
3. What else do you like except programming?
4. What is it that you want in your job?
5. How long do you plan to work if us if selected?
6. Why Teradata?
7. What do you know about Teradata?
8. Did you ever encountered any person who you feel was hard to handle? how did you handled him?
9. What makes you different from other candidates?
10. Tell me 3 reasons why should we hire you.
11. Do you consider yourself as hard worker or smart worker?
12. What do you think who are important in a company hard workers or smart workers?
13. What is the primary thing that you are looking for in the job money or job profile?
Tips :
1. Be very strong with the basics
2. Understand the question completely and thoroughly
3. Don’t hesitate while answering
4. Be specific while answering
5. Be confidant.
6. Be honest
7. Try to be as interactive with interviewers as possible.
8. Be clear how you will proceed before you start writing your code.
9. Check your code for errors and bugs before you present it to the interviewer, its never a good idea to present a code with errors & bugs because they will always find the smallest bugs in your code.
10.Before you start writing code, tell them what are all the possible solutions and which one you are choosing and why.
11. Questions are mainly based on data structures and problem solving ability
It is always beneficial if you know what it is to be there at that moment. So, to give you an advantage, we provide you Interview Experiences of candidates who have been in your situation earlier. Make the most of it.


