Round 1 Test
Duration 90 Minutes
No. of Questions 22 questions
Test Sections
    Section 1: Data Structures, Hash maps, Tree Traversals, Basic pointer questions and Aptitude
    Section 2: 1 Coding question based on DFS

Round 2
Technical Interview (35-45 min)
Interview Questions
    Question 1: Introduce yourself.
    Question 2: Being from a non-CS background (Civil Engineering branch), he asked me which coding language i am best at.
    Question 3: Find the second largest prime number from a given array of positive integers. Also return it’s index in most optimal way
    Question 4: Given an array of positive and negative integers, find the first missing positive number in the most optimal way.
    Question 5: Which data structure would i use to program a jigsaw puzzle program and what methods would i use to solve the puzzle.
Round 3
Puzzle Interview (40-45 min)
Interview Questions
    Question 1: Asked me questions based on my CV
    Question 2: If a person travels from point A to point B at 20 km/h and returns at 30 km/h, calculate the average speed without using pen and paper.
    Question 3: Asked the above question with different speeds to travelling.
    Question 4: Given 8 balls of the same properties and one of these balls is defective and is heavier than the others. Calculate the minimum no. of steps to find the defective ball.
    Question 5: Asked the above question, but this time we don’t know whether the defective ball is heavier or lighter than the others.
    Question 6: 20 red balls and 16 blue balls are present in a bag. 2 balls are removed, if they are of the same color, then they are replaced by a red ball. If they are of different color, then they are replaced with a blue ball. Find the last ball to remain after the entire process.
    Question 7: What is polymorphism with examples.
    Question 8: What is operator overloading?. Give an example.
    Question 9: Differentiate between method overloading and method overriding.
    Question 10: Do you have any question for us?.
Round 4
HR Interview (20 min)
Interview Questions
    Question 1: Questions based on my resume
    Question 2: What do i know about Times Internet and the work that happens in TIL.
    Question 3: Why was i opting for a job as software developer though i was from Civil Engineering background.
General Tips
 Be confident, think loudly, never panic and have a smile to your face always. You have already prepared hard for the recruitment process, it is just the confidence that matters. Don’t lose hope, there are many opportunities for you. Practice a lot of code and put geeksforgeeks as the homepage.
