I got call from Tracxn HR stating that my profile matched for an important role leading the team. I was surprised because Traxcn worked in a different area than my expertise. I explained to HR that my area of interest is different, but they insisted stating that top level executives want to meet me.
My interview was conducted by a “top level executive” (he had 3 years work experience, though held an impressive title).
He asked questions on algorithms/data-structures and topcoder/code-chef like of questions
Q.1 : dynamic programming working in Fibonacci series and Longest common subsequence
Q.2 :  You are given some denominations of coins in an array (int denom[])and infinite supply of all of them. Given an amount (int amount), find the minimum number of coins required to get the exact amount.
Q.3 : String matching Implement own code (don’t use substr functions)
Q.4 : Binary trees, Find if Binary tree is BST or not
Q.5 : Some database related ones on indexing etc and database design for several applications.
He was pretty strong in these areas and it was good to brainstorm with him.
A little bit about my experience with HR / office.
At first we (interviewer and myself) couldn’t get a place to sit for 15 minutes as all the meeting rooms were occupied and finally sit in open area. The office has 5 meeting rooms in total and we were asked to get out of the room couple of times as we didn’t book the room. Then I learnt that HR had lied to me that top executives want to meet me. In fact, the interviewer did not even know about it till I reached their office. Then he was asked to conduct the interview all of a sudden. Despite this, he managed to interview me well, but for me it was a bit of stress to sit in a noisy open area and answer the interview. It was actually the desk of an employee absent that day. The office looks like stock market in terms of density (people per square feet) and noise level. It would be hard to work in such a setting for most software engineers, leave alone solving topcoder like programming questions.
The HR who used to call dozens of times before the interview never returned my call. I realized that my interview was just to help the HR reach their target (that they have found so many candidates). Inspite of me and interviewer knowing that my area of expertise is different, I fell into the trap made by HR playing the numbers game – trying to match people randomly and hoping something will click. Never trust their HR. Only if you get a proper lead (say, via a referral ) then there is hope. Otherwise your interview is mostly set for disaster and embarrassing for both you and interviewer.
Later I shared my experience with a close friend who has insider information about Tracxn. It looks that for technical roles, there is a glass ceiling and the important roles are already filled (by brash people rather than meritocratic ones). So my friend said that it is better that my technical expertise is used elsewhere. The work felt like making VCs rich and lost the initial mission of making starup ecosystem better. I embrassingly admitted I knew this, but fell into the trap by HR.
