It consists of 10 questions. which have to be done in 1hr(subjective questions)
Question are like:
1: Deduce the locker code
 given that there are 4 digit code
a) last digit(unit place) is twice than the first digit(thousand’s place)
b) 2nd and 3rd digit is same.
c) last two digit is twice than the first two digit.
ans– 4998 & 0000.
2: A well having a height of 18m and 7m radius is dug.And soil spread across its side making another cylinder of radius 14m.find the height of it.
Ans- volume of well = volume of digged part.

3. Work and time problem easy one.
4. A litle girl i know sells orange from door to door.one day while on her rounds she sold half an orange more than half her oranges to the first customer.To the second customer she sold half an orange more than half of the remainder and to the third and the last customer she sold half an orange more than half she now had,leaving her none.can you tell the number of oranges she has.
Ans – 2n -1   (7).
5.A cube 5x5x5 is given which is colored red. Now it has been cut into 1x1x1 size .Find out the no. of cubes having 2 faces colored.
Ans-36.
6. My wife and I recently attended a party at which there were four other married couples. Various handshakes took place. No one shook hands with oneself, nor with one’s spouse, and no one shook hands with the same person more than once. After all the handshakes were over, I asked each person, including my wife, how many hands he (or she) had shaken. To my surprise each gave a different answer. How many hands did my wife shake?
7. Adam, Bob, Clair and Dave are out walking: They come to rickety old wooden bridge. The bridge is weak and only able to carry the weight of two of them at a time. Because they are in a rush and the light is fading they must cross in the minimum time possible and must carry a torch (flashlight,) on each crossing.
They only have one torch and it can’t be thrown. Because of their different fitness levels and some minor injuries they can all cross at different speeds. Adam can cross in 1 minute, Bob in 2 minutes, Clair in 3 minutes and Dave in 8 minutes.
Adam, the brains of the group thinks for a moment and declares that the crossing can be completed in 15 minutes. There is no trick. How is this done?
8. There are two glasses, one containing a liter of milk, the other a liter of water. Take one tablespoon of milk and mix it with the water. Now take one tablespoon of the water/milk mixture and mix it in with the pure milk to obtain a milk/water mixture. Is there more water in the milk/water mixture or more milk in the water/milk mixture?
Have to sole mathematically as given there.
9. A chess board is given .2 squares are choosen randomly.Find the probability so that no common sides of square matches.
10. A box with 6 apples,9 apples,22 apples is there.A combination of 23 apples is not possible to make from that given apple boxes.Find the largest no. of apple combination which is not possible to make (should be smaller than 100).
Ans-43 
