UHG visited our Campus for the post of Software Engineer. The process took two days.
Day 1
Round 1
It was an offline aptitude test.
Total no. of questions: 30
Time Limit: 45 minutes
Marking Scheme: +3 for correct/ -1 for incorrect
Difficulty level: Above average
Key: Don’t get stuck on one question. Move Ahead and try to solve as many as you can.
Round 2
It was an offline coding round.
Total no. of questions: 3
Time Limit: 30 minutes
Questions:
The questions were similar to ones that are listed:
Stock Buy Sell to Maximize Profit
Removal of every ‘kth’ person from a circle. Find the last remaining person
Permutations of a string
Remark: They mostly discuss the code after you have got shortlisted.
After this, out of 120 students 45 were shortlisted. 
Day 2
Some students faced two technical interviews while others faced only one. After technical interview(s),if you are called for a HR round then you are almost selected.
I faced one technical interview.
Technical Round
Time Duration: 2 hrs
Questions:
1. Tell us about your achievements.
2. Write an algorithm for handling billions of requests for updating a particular app in Google Play.
3. What is meant by 3.3GHz processor?
4. Difference between 64-bit and 32-bit OS.
5. Projects you have done so far.
6. Detailed discussion of one data-science related project
7. Write a program to find longest common substring (in your preferred language)
8. Design a database responsible for assigning classes on the basis of their availability and facilities(projectors, computer systems etc).
9. Write SQL queries for some operations on the same database.
   Examples: Query for looking available classes with projectors on Wednesday from 11:45 to 12:45,
   Query for booking a class for the first Sunday on next month.
10. Any questions for us?
HR Round
It was a relaxing round. They just asked some general details about myself.
Time Duration: 15 minutes
Questions:
1. Tell me about yourself.
2. Where do you live? Any siblings?
3. Tell us more about the startups you’ve worked with
3. Will you be able to manage in a new city without your parents?
4. Is night shift okay to you?
5. Location preferences(Bangalore/Hyderabad)
