Hii all, I have attended Virtusa-Polaris pool drive recently. All NE NITs had taken part in this pool drive. Their selection process is as following-
1) Aptitude Round
2) Technical Round
3) HR Round
First round which was Aptitude round was happened at our college. There were mainly two parts of the paper. First part consist of questions and second one was the coding round. In first parts, Questions are mainly from the Software engineering, Java, Database, quantitative aptitude and English. The question were easy but need basic understanding of these subjects.
In second round, there were two coding question. We can only chose java as a coding language. The question were easy, If you have knowledge about Collection, Thread in java then you can very easily do these questions.
After this round, all selected students were called to a specific NIT for further rounds.
Second round which was technical round, was taken by online. This round was pure technical. They were asking questions from Projects, Internship, Database, Java and Software Engineering. I can’t recall all question but few of them are following-
1) Basic functionality of my project
2) Difference between abstract class and interface
3) Difference between union and unionAll
4) We can use printf() apart from just printing values, if yes then where?
5) Difference between checked and unchecked error?
6) What if we directly use run method to start a thread?
7) What is different in extend Thread class and implement Runnable interface?
8) SDLC Model and its type
9) Difference between left join and right join
If you have good knowledge thread, collection and basic oops concept, database and basic software engineering, then you can easily clear this round.
After this round, 24 students are selected out of 43 students for next HR round.
Third round which was HR round, was taken telephonic. In this round they didn’t asked any technical. They were mainly checking the candidate’s communication skill and thought process. They asked following question to me-
1) Tell me about yourself
2) Why do you not want to go for MS, despite of good academic record?
3) What will you do if we don’t hire you?
4) What will you do if we hire you?
5) Why are you better than rest of candidate?
6) In 3 idiots movie, from which character you can relate yourself?
These round was mainly focused on student’s thought process. Interviewers’ questions depend on candidate’s reply. So be cool and relax for this round.
After this round, they have selected 15 students out of 24 students. Luckily I was one of them.
Tipes-
1) Prepare about your projects very thoroughly
2) Know the all basic concept of java
3) Prepare all the basic question of database
4) Have some knowledge of basic SDLC Model
