Wipro visited in our campus for the recruitment as a Project Engineer in PES (Product Engineering Service) domain for an internship date was 02 Mar 2016.
The process as follows:
First Round (Online Test):
Before continue with the online test they divided the students into two groups (C++ and JAVA) based on programming language interest. I had chosen JAVA.
Online Test: consisting three sections about 70 questions.
Complexity of the test was moderate.
Second Round (Technical Interview):
15-20(don’t remember exactly) were selected for this round.
The questions were:
–          Tell me about Yourself
–          I handover him my resume, he asked in detail about the projects
–          He asked me about embedded system, have your worked on embedded system(my reply was no, I was like will not get select now),
–          Then he started asking questions on operating system OS services, deadlock, semaphore, synchronization, memory management
–          Then he asked about the academic subjects, and then started asking about network security( about cryptographic algorithms and their technical details considering implementation)
–          After this he first asked me the approach to solve a given problem statement and then asked to write algorithm for the same (PS: Consider a classroom consisting ‘n’ number of benches, each bench has ‘m’ students capacity and assume students sat on those benches, each student has unique ID, now I will pick any one student what you have to do is just identify the bench on which that student has sat). He gave me the 5-10mins to write algorithm on paper and then he asked me to explain it, he was satisfied with that.
Third round (HR Interview):
8-9 were shortlisted for this round.
The questions were:
–          Tell me about yourself
–          Why Wipro
–          Where do you want to see yourself after 5 years
–          Are you ready to relocate anywhere mainly Bangalore( as I am from Mumbai I told HR Pune would be better, as they had already recorded our preferences during registration itself, then he explained me about opportunities for the fresher’s in Bangalore, then I replied yes with smiling)
–          Then he explained about PPO(Preplacement Offer), and asked me do you have any questions
After this final list came, 6 students were selected and luckily I was one of them. After 1 month I got offer letter and location was Pune (was happy). After the completion of an internship I got PPO (1-2 month later).
A couple of things that I would like to add in the end:
Be confident, write only whatever you know in your resume never lie. Be prepared with HR questions and be prepared for the unexpected ones.


