It was a joint campus drive of 4 NITs (NIT Kurukshetra, NIT Jalandhar, NIT Delhi, NIT Srinagar J&K).

Round 1: It was on online objective test consisting of 4 sections: Aptitude, Technical MCQs, Code snippet based MCQs and Coding part.
Coding part had questions like balanced parenthesis check, etc.

Round 2: It was Group Discussion on general topics.

Round 3: Technical Interview. First question was to write a program for snake traversal of binary tree.
Second, asked me to write code to check linked list is palindrome or not, in a single traversal and without using any other data structure.
Then he asked about OOPS concepts like abstraction, encapsulation, inheritance and polymorphism in detail and how they are implemented while programming.

Round 4: Technical and managerial. Gave me a situation where I am in testing team and I found that customer requirement was drop down list at a place but developer has used bullet selection, and is not ready to change it. How will you manage? I gave some good replies and he was convinced.
Then he asked 25 horses puzzle (http://www.programmerinterview.com/index.php/puzzles/25-horses-3-fastest-5-races-puzzle/). I solved it.
He then asked me to code it. I wrote an algorithm first and then the code. He was very impressed.
He asked about virtual functions, abstract classes, pure virtual functions.

Round 5: HR interview. There were normal HR questions like where do you see yourself 3 years from now, why yodlee, etc.

Round 6: HR interview. It was again HR round with questions like why do you want to come  to Bangalore not Delhi, Introduction about family etc.

Round 7: Next it was a telephonic round. He asked to optimize the code I wrote in coding round.
Then he asked me candle puzzle on how to measure 30 min and 45 min.
Then he asked me the chocolate puzzle (http://malini-math.blogspot.in/2010/11/chocolate-puzzle.html).
What is paging and segmentation?
What are ACID properties in DBMS?
What is transaction and how is concurrency control done?
What is the difference between string builder and string buffer?
What is string pool in java?
What is JVM, JRE, JDK?
Differentiate between mutex and semaphore?
Can you override private and static members?
Contiguous and non-contiguous memory allocation?
What are Smart pointers?
