The Following rounds were held.
Round 1: The first round was held on Jan 10, 2016. The round one contained 30 questions with a duration of 3 hours. There were 20 c apps and 10 logical apps. The c apps consisted of mostly of pointers. The remaining were questions from arrays loops and macro definitions and function calls.
Round 2: The remaining rounds were held on Feb 1, 2016. The round 2 was programming round with 5 questions.
Question 1: Given two sorted arrays output a merged array without duplicates.
Array1: [1, 2, 3, 6, 9]
Array2: [2, 4, 5, 10]
Merged Array: [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 9, 10]
Question 2: Given a sliding window of size k print the maximum of the numbers under the sliding window.
Example: Consider a sliding window of size k equals 3. Let the array be [3,2,7,6,5,1,2,3,4] the output should print 7 as the first output as first window contains {3,2,7} and second window contains {2,7,6} and so on and the final output is {7,7,7,6,5,3,4}
Question 3: Given a array with n elements print the number of occurrences of that number each number in that array. The order of number doesn’t matter. You can reorder the elements.
Example : [2,1,3,2,2,5,8,9,8]
Output:
2-3
1-1
3-1
5-1
8-2
9-1
Question 4: Enter two strings from command line and check whether any substring present in first string that follows the pattern of second sting.. They asked to implement  regular expressions for * and backslash without built in functions.
“abcd” “a*cd” answer : yes
“aaaa” “a*”  answer : yes
“a*c” “a\*c” answer:yes
“adsd” “ad” answer:no
Question 5: They gave a passage and the output should be printing out the number of occurrence of each word and the indices it occurs without using string matching
The passage given was “jana Gana Mana” and so on.. and we have to print number of jana and it’s indices.i.e at which position it occurs.
I have completed first and 5th program. The programs were not of equal weight-age. 4th and 5th were given more weight-age. They gave importance with the way of approach. Another guy solved the first 4 programs but he is not selected because of his inefficient code. And I got selected to the next round just because of the appropriate data structure and logic the applied.
Round 3:
This round contained of advance programing but the logics were easy but they gave more importance to the modularity, Object oriented approach and things like that. They asked to create a simple console based application for e commerce. Two user’s admin and customer with different functionalities were given. The Customer has to buy items then if discount is applicable for that product he can redeem it and he can also view the Order history.  The Admin can add new items and so on.
Round 4:
This round concentrated on technical interview and tested how deep you are goo in the subject. They tested whether I am good at what I have put on my resume. Two staffs interviewed me separately and it lasted for approximately 1 and a half hours.
Round 5:
This round was HR round and just the background details about myself were asked. It lasted for ten minutes.

